<doc id="118807" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118807" title="A Grain of Truth (Netflix episode)">
A Grain of Truth (Netflix episode)

"A Grain of Truth" is the first episode of season 2 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"Geralt sets off with Ciri on a journey that leads him to an old friend. After the Battle of Sodden, Tissaia shows no mercy in her search for information."
Summary.
A merchant and two women arrive in a seemingly abandoned village. They're in search of lodging, but instead meet their demise at the hands of an unknown flying creature that is both fast and strong.
Meanwhile, at the Battle of Sodden Hill, only a few remain, amongst them Tissaia, who is searching for Yennefer by looking through the memories of the fallen and observing their final moments. With thousands dead on all sides, Vilgefortz tells Tissaia to accept that Yennefer is gone, but that is simply not something she can do, as she continues calling out to her protégé. However, instead of Yennefer, she finds Geralt and Ciri, who remarks that she's already seen this in a vision. Geralt asks Tissaia if Yennefer is alive, but despite her efforts to find her, Tissaia is doubtful. While they may have won the battle, Geralt asks if it was worth her life.
Geralt and Ciri camp out in the freezing wilderness, where they share their mutual inability to sleep due to bad dreams. In her dream, a black knight has her on his horse while Cintra is burning, and she's helpless to stop it. Ciri asks how Geralt claimed her as a Child Surprise, to which he explains that it was payment from a debt after he saved her father's life from her grandmother, as she didn't want Ciri's mother marrying an outsider. That said, Geralt assures Ciri that her father didn't know what he was giving up when they made the agreement. Ciri proposes going to Skellige in search of shelter, but Geralt warns her that she'd be married off to the nearest Lord of Bad Breath, who would only be seeking to claim her throne.
Triss is badly wounded from the Battle of Sodden, sending her into a seizure, but with the combined powers of Tissaia, Vilgefortz, and Artorius, they manage to stabilize her. Tissaia fears that Yennefer is lost for good. As for Fringilla, she was at the front and coordinating the Nilfgaardian attack. She has abandoned all rules of Chaos. Fortunately, they won the battle and also took a prisoner, however, no one has been able to break him so far, which Tissaia hopes to change.
Yennefer awakens under a tree, shackled and held prisoner by Fringilla and what remains of her Nilfgaard comrades.
Geralt explains to Ciri that Kaer Morhen is where witchers go during the winter to rest up and heal, as well as replace armor and elixirs. It's Geralt's home, if nothing else. They prefer to keep it a secret after a previous attack when Geralt was a boy that almost wiped them all out. Ciri recalls how in Cintra, she used to dress up as a boy just so that she could play knucklebones. They come to a sudden stop upon noticing a mutilated deer just off the path, and when Roach becomes unnerved, Geralt performs axii, a calming sign to ease Roach's worry. He then takes a blade and cuts a piece of flesh from the deer, tasting it as well.
Geralt and Ciri make their way to a village, but the lack of guards and barking dogs is alarming to say the least, and so Geralt decides to seek shelter in a nearby castle with an old friend. However, upon their arrival, the windows and doors of the castle begin slamming open and shut repeatedly until a beast comes barging out the door and tackles Geralt to the ground. However, he discovers his attacker is Nivellen, the aforementioned old friend, who has been cursed into some kind of monster.
Nivellen welcomes Geralt and Ciri inside and conjures a warm bath for Ciri to bathe in. Meanwhile, Geralt and Nivellen catch up over lost time, as it's been 13 winters since they last saw each other.
Ciri exits the bathtub to find a white gown waiting for her. She presumes it's from Nivellen, unaware that someone is watching her from a hole in the ceiling, leading up to the attic.
Ciri joins Geralt and Nivellen for dinner, in which he summons food and wine for all three of them to enjoy. Ciri inquires about how they met, and Nivellen reveals that many years ago, Geralt was hired by his father to clear their woods of a wyvern infestation. Nivellen tried to prove himself to his father by killing one first, but instead fell into their lair. Luckily, Geralt saved him and slew the wyvern. He then handed Nivellen the wyvern's head and told his father that Nivellen was the one who killed it. It was the first and last time Nivellen's father was proud of him. Geralt then asks about Nivellen's curse, which was the result of him falling in with a bad crew and trashing the Temple of the Lionheaded Spider, high on godflesh mushrooms. After the damage was done, a priestess cursed him to live as a monster forever and alone. All curses have cures, but all Nivellen can recall is her screaming something about "love and blood." He's tried to take his life multiple times, but he keeps coming back.
Geralt asks Nivellen about the village below and why it was abandoned. He claims that after the Battle of Sodden Hill, the countryside is a dangerous place. Geralt questions the legitimacy of his claims, but Nivellen goes on to reveal that the Wild Hunt is also riding over the horizon. He saw them himself, riding their skeleton horses just last week. Nivellen fears that it's the end of days, but after living through a whole dark age and three supposed end-of-days, Geralt isn't convinced. Suddenly, they hear scratching noises from above, which Nivellen claims is his cat, Vereena, though both Geralt and Ciri are skeptical.
Cahir is being held prisoner at Aretuza. When all else has failed, Tissaia tries to get him to crack, though he remains strong, insistent that the White Flame will cleanse them all. Tissaia demands that he reveal what Nilfgaard wants, but when he refuses to speak, she tortures him until the point of screaming.
Fringilla has very little Chaos at her command, but uses what little she has to conjure up a bit of food, though Yennefer remains unimpressed. She then comes to the realization that they won and that Fringilla and Nilfgaard are on the run, however, Fringilla informs her that Sodden was only one of many battles to come. Yennefer can't imagine that her leader, the White Flame, will be too pleased to see her return defeated, which is why she intends to offer Yennefer up as a sacrifice.
Nivellen conjures a famous piece that he first saw as a lad whilst studying at Oxenfurt. It tells the tale of a doomed young elven warrior and a human she falls in love with. It's called "The Fall of the Elders".
Nivellen reminds Ciri of Mousesack, who she sometimes forgets is gone. She wishes that she could go back in time and save everyone. She wonders what it's like for Nivellen to be alone. The loneliness eats him alive. He's tried many times to cure himself, having plied many a lass with treasure to kiss him, hoping there was a grain of truth to the fairy tales. Ciri proposes that he may have simply not found the right girl, recalling how Mousesack told her of a hedgehog man who was cured by true love, which Nivellen doesn't think he's worthy of, informing Ciri about how he killed all his servants the day he turned, not knowing what he was or his own strength. Nivellen believes that he deserves his destiny. While escorting Ciri back to her room, she tells him that it's not his fault for killing his servants. Ciri watched her entire home burn to the ground with her family trapped inside. She knows monsters, but Nivellen simply doesn't seem like one to her. He retorts that monsters are more than just their looks. They're born of deeds done, unforgivable deeds.
While scouting the castle, Geralt notices footprints in the snow. They lead outside and towards the village before disappearing within the snow.
Hoping to get some answers from Nivellen, Geralt proposes a drinking game. They throw daggers at a portrait of Nivellen's father, and whoever misses has to drink and tell a truth. Unfortunately for Geralt, he appears to miss every throw, whereas Nivellen has near perfect aim. Nivellen questions what changed Geralt after willingly spending many lifetimes alone. Geralt reveals that her name is Yennefer, but she unfortunately died, as far as he's aware.
Yennefer tries to convince Fringilla to let her go, as neither of them are certain that her sacrifice will spare Fringilla of her failure. She even invites Fringilla to join them and redeem herself. However, Fringilla insists that what she's doing is in the name of liberation, which is the opposite of what they were taught at Aretuza. There, they were just sent out as pawns to guild kingdoms, nothing more. Yennefer accuses Fringilla of being unable to think for herself, to which Fringilla replies that Yennefer is blind.
Nivellen wonders if Geralt told Ciri the truth about how witchers obtain children so they can feed them with magic herbs. The few who survive become witchers themselves, and all human feelings and reactions are trained out of them, turning them into monsters to kill other monsters. However, Geralt insists it won't come to that. He then pulls his own knife from his boot and hits the portrait spot on, uncovering the fact that Nivellen has been cheating with magic knives, leading Geralt to question what he's hiding, but Nivellen avoids the questions.
Vereena comes down from the attic when Ciri falls asleep, scaling down the wall and quickly crawling over to Ciri's bedside. Ciri awakens from a bad dream to find the blue-eyed girl watching over her. She asks if Ciri liked the dress she left for her and then reveals that she too is different by telepathically communicating with Ciri. She's remarks that she never met anyone so alone in the heart as Ciri is, and then asks why she travels with the Witcher. Ciri questions if Vereena is a monster, but she counters that simply by saying being different doesn't make one a monster and that humans do monstrous things all the time. When Ciri realizes that Nivellen hid Vereena because he loves her, Vereena kisses Ciri's hand and tells her this must be their secret until she leaves, causing Ciri to fall asleep.
Geralt heads down into the village to investigate. He discovers the remains of a merchant and a couple of women. He then sees the footsteps once more, and just like before, they suddenly disappear, leading Geralt to come to the conclusion that there's a bruxa nearby.
Geralt awakens Ciri from her sleep and tells her to be prepared to run after learning that Nivellen is harboring a bruxa. He follows the sounds of her purring to Nivellen's room, where she is draining his blood from him. Geralt kicks in the door and she unleashes a sonic scream that forces Geralt against the wall and allows her to retreat into the attic, though Geralt forces her down and a fight ensues. Geralt sends her flying out the window, where Ciri awaits. Vereena explains that Geralt is wrong about her and that she doesn't want to hurt Ciri, but Geralt resumes his attack until she transforms and flies away. She attempts to swoop back down for an attack, but Geralt stabs Vereena, forcing her back to her human form.
Ciri goes to check on an unconscious Vereena, who awakens and holds her hostage, threatening to rip Ciri's throat out if Geralt doesn't leave them alone. Nivellen intervenes and stabs Vereena with a pole, though this doesn't kill her, it merely allows Ciri to break loose. Vereena contorts her body and pulls herself closer to Nivellen, telling him that she loves him and that if she can't have him, then no one can. However, Geralt comes up from behind and beheads Vereena before she can harm anyone else. Before burning up in flames, Vereena telepathically tells Ciri that Geralt will come for her too. With Vereena's death, Nivellen's curse is lifted, and he is human once more. Nivellen found Vereena injured and starving in the woods. She wasn't scared of him, and when she healed, she chose to stay, and she didn't care what he looked like. To ease her cravings, he allowed Vereena to feed on him, but she couldn't control herself. Geralt recalls Nivellen mentioning "love and blood" earlier. They both possess mighty power. Losing his true love is what broke the curse. Nivellen knowingly turned a blind eye to what she did to the villagers because she didn't care that he looked like a monster, but not for destroying the temple as he originally claimed, but for raping the priestess. Nivellen looks to Ciri and pleads with her to stay and for Geralt to kill him, but neither grant his request and simply leave.
Geralt warns Ciri that the next time he tells her to run, she better do as he says. She thinks there's something wrong with her. Everywhere she goes, people die, and sometimes, she feels like she could burn the whole world without even meaning to. It scares her. Geralt informs her that fear is an illness and that if left untreated, it could consume her. The only way to treat it is for her to face it head on.
As Fringilla and Nilfgaard prepare to pack up camp, her men are attacked by spears until only Yennefer and Fringilla are left standing.

</doc>
<doc id="118808" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118808" title="Kaer Morhen (Netflix episode)">
Kaer Morhen (Netflix episode)

"Kaer Morhen" is the second episode of season 2 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"Seeking a safe place for Ciri, Geralt heads for home, but danger lurks everywhere — even Kaer Morhen. Yennefer's dreams could be the key to her freedom."
Summary.
Yennefer has a dream in which she and Geralt are living happily together with a baby on the way and the promise to grow old together. However, her dream turns into a nightmare when her baby's basket bursts into flames and discovers a hooded figure with a red cloak holding the child. Yennefer awakens from her sleep to discover that she and Fringilla have both been taken prisoner by Filavandrel and his elven army.
Filavandrel takes Yennefer and Fringilla to see the elves new leader, Francesca. Fringilla attempts to plead her case, but Francesca puts her to sleep and questions why Filavandrel hasn't had them killed yet. He believes they could be of use, but Francesca isn't convinced, nor is she moved when Yennefer reveals she's an elf despite never having sung a song or honored their elders. Francesca reminds Filavandrel that she now leads their people and how she is often visited in her dreams by the "White Robed One." Once they find what they're looking for, she wants Filavandrel to ship Yennfer and Fringilla's heads back to Aretuza as a reminder of elven glory.
Geralt and Ciri arrive at Kaer Morhen in search of refuge. There, Geralt is reunited with his witcher brethren, among them Lambert, Coën, and Vesemir. After a few drinks, Lambert tells the tale of the time a farmer hired him to kill mora, but he learned from the farmer's wife that she was simply having an affair with the field hand. Vesemir toasts to another winter of them together. Just then, Eskel arrives to Geralt's embrace. He's returns after a six-hour bout with a leshy, whose hand he managed to cut off, though his shoulder does ache from the sting of one of its roots. Vesemir reminds him that fire through the heart is the only way to put one down and questions why it took him so long to defeat his attacker. Ciri chuckles, gaining Eskel's attention and leading him to question exactly who she is.
Vesemir interrupts Geralt's training to confront him for bringing Ciri to Kaer Morhen. When Geralt first revealed he called the Law of Surprise, Vesemir warned him it was a big mistake, but Geralt had to save her and brought her to their home despite knowing Vesemir would call him out on it. Geralt brought her so she'd be safe. It's easier for him to protect her within the walls, as well as watch for answers as to what she is. Vesemir reminds Geralt what happened the last time witchers got involved in the dramas of courts and kingdoms.
Ciri goes door to door in search of a tolerable room. Eskel reminds Ciri that she's not in a castle and that all the rooms are shitholes.
Yennefer noticed earlier that Fringilla was having a nightmare and asks what it was about, possibly someone hidden in a robe. A black robe, Fringilla confirms, whereas Yennefer has dreamt of one in red while Francesca dreams of one in white. They could use this to their advantage.
Filavandrel, Francesca, and Gage sit around a fire, though Gage is dissatisfied with what little food the hunters could find. Filavandrel suspects that maybe the others in Temeria or Redania had better luck, but they lick the boots of humans, which Francesca refuses to do. She promised them Dol Blathanna, a promise she intends to uphold. They mustn't lose faith in a bright elven future. The visions she's had since entering the woods give her faith for something more. The white robe hides her face, but Francesca is certain that it's Ithlinne, their most sacred prophet, guiding them to safe haven.
Yennefer and Fringilla attempt to convince Filavandrel to hear them out, asking about elven songs and if he truly leads the elves as the bard's songs claim, but Filavandrel is no longer their leader. He was voted out when he couldn't beat Calanthe, and the elves turned to Francesca. She offered them faith, which Fringilla admits sustains them all in dark times. Fringilla then reveals that both she and Yennefer have dreamt of robed figures as well, and offer to help. Just as it seems he's considering their proposal, they get word of having found something.
Geralt takes the leshy's hand to the lab, where he dissects the limb for answers. Leshy are few in numbers because they can't reproduce. Any they come across now would've been around since the Conjunction of the Spheres. Ciri wonders if all they'll be doing is studying monsters and collecting herbs. She wants to start training, but Geralt warns her it's too dangerous. Ciri doesn't care. She simply wants to become strong enough to kill the Black Knight, but Geralt informs Ciri that they don't kill out of fear, rather to save lives. Geralt then hears a commotion and decides to investigate, telling Ciri to stay behind.
Geralt discovers that his brethren are throwing a party in their home with whores. There, Geralt runs into a familiar face, a woman named Danica who used to work in a tavern outside of Dorian a handful of years ago, where she washed wyvern blood from Geralt's hair. She's heard that he has a daughter now, but Geralt insists that while she's not his daughter, she's not for sale either. Geralt then confronts Vesemir, who reveals that Eskel found them down the mountain, but there's no need for concern, Vesemir insists. They're all drunk off stramonium and won't remember a thing by tomorrow. Unbeknownst to Geralt, Ciri watches from above as he and Eskel get into a confrontation regarding the girls in their home.
Yennefer and Fringilla are taken to a temple, where runes of the Conjunction of the Spheres have been inscribed along the walls. Francesca asks to know more about their dreams, but first she tells them about her own. In her vision, she's lost in a maze of dead bodies, elves stacked so high they shade the sun. Ithlinne guides her clear of the labyrinth, where she sees the sun rise on a new elven kingdom. Fringilla's guide is Emhyr, who returned to Nilfgaard, killed the Usurper, and freed Fringilla. Yennefer brushes away the dust on the altar to discover Elder speech. "Behold the mother of forests, the deathless mother, nesting in dreams." What remains is an incantation about a hut with no doors. Fringilla's father used to scare her with stories about a witch in the woods, but Francesca believes that the Deathless Mother is one of the old gods. Suddenly, the altar slides open and reveals a passageway, which Yennefer, Fringilla, and Francesca investigate while Filavandrel and Gage stay above ground to stand guard.
Ciri goes looking around the armory. She is joined by Vesemir, who gives her a tour. Klef was one of the first witchers, but he was killed by a demon who wreaked havoc on the witchers until they bound her deep in the forests. He then tells her about Deglan, who was killed by men in their very halls. He taught Vesemir everything he knew and made him a witcher. Vesemir, however, is more interested in Ciri's history than his own and questions how she escaped Cintra, but Ciri deflects, simply informing Vesemir that Geralt said she'd be protected here.
Eskel and one of the women have sex in the laboratory, where a root begins to sprout from his shoulder.
If Fringilla dreamt of Emhyr, Yennefer wonders why she was so terrified when she woke. Fringilla reveals that she was in the dark and there were people touching her. She couldn't see or touch them, so she laid there and let them. After the Usurper executed Fergus, he had all of the mages moved to prison. Fringilla was there for years when Emhyr found her and set her free.
Yennefer, Fringilla, and Francesca find the doorless hut in the woods and recite the incantation, causing the hut to turn in their direction and summon them inside.
Vesemir reveals he caught Ciri spying on them. They had a chat before he sent her to bed. He asks if Geralt is ready for this. Geralt recalls being in a cell beneath the city when Cintra was sacked. He heard it all, the same sounds he heard at Kaer Morhen when he was a boy, hiding in a cellar, waiting for the humans to come for him. Vesemir was the last remaining witcher when Kaer Morhen fell, he and a batch of mutated orphans with no place else to go. Admittedly, he wasn't ready, but he taught them how to fend for themselves, which is what Geralt intends to do with Ciri, but that'll have to wait as their medallions begin to vibrate all at once, leading them to suspect that they may be under attack.
Lambert barges into Ciri's room with the women and lock them inside for safety.
Yennefer, Fringilla, and Francesca each awaken inside the hut, but each are approached by their very own robed figure: Yennefer's red robed figure is a young girl, Fringilla's black robed figure is Emhyr, and Francesca's white robed figure is Ithlinne. But in reality, they're all speaking with the Deathless Mother, who makes Fringilla a proposition to gain power, and Francesca an offer to rebuild the elven community through the birth of a pure elf, but she leaves Yennefer to suffer a bit longer after she lost her Chaos due to using fire magic at the Battle of Sodden Hill.
Geralt enters the lab, where he is attacked by Eskel, who has somehow been turned into a leshy himself. Geralt is pinned to a wall, but he uses a torch to get free of Eskel's grasp. He pleads with Eskel to stop, but he's lost control and proceeds to attack Geralt until Vesemir intervenes.
Danica is regretting having ever brought her best girls to a witcher den. She asks Ciri for the fastest way out, and Ciri directs her to the stairs to the north of the hall.
Geralt informs Vesemir that Eskel has somehow been infected by the leshy, which shouldn't be possible. After freeing Geralt, the two of them face off with Eskel, trapping him in place, using hooks connected by chains to restrain Eskel, who manages to grab Vesemir and nearly squeezed the life from him until Geralt sets his sword ablaze and stabs Eskel in the heart, killing him, as reluctant as he may have been. Vesemir takes Eskel's pendant and assures Geralt that he did what was right.
Yennefer awakens in the woods, where she regroups with Fringilla, who reveals that they're no longer prisoners and that she's joined forces with Francesca, who claims that the old gods want an alliance between the elves and Nilfgaard. Yennefer calls them both fools, as that evil witch they encountered is no god, but Fringilla's faith has gotten her this far, and she refuses to give up on it now.
Geralt enters Ciri's room and embraces her after having killed Eskel.
While the witchers celebrate the life of Eskel inside, Geralt takes Ciri outside, where he tells her about his time in Kaer Morhen. Vesemir warned him that the world outside the wall is a dangerous place. But times are changing, and they can no longer hide from the world. But they can find power and purpose, so Geralt decides it is time to start training Ciri. Elsewhere, Yennefer tries to open a portal, but her Chaos is truly gone, leaving her powerless.

</doc>
<doc id="118809" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118809" title="What Is Lost">
What Is Lost

"What Is Lost" is the third episode of season 2 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"Impatient with Geralt's methods, Ciri braves major obstacles to prove her mettle. Scheming and suspicion among the Brotherhood make Yennefer a target."
Summary.
Ciri trains with a wooden sword on a sack filled with straw whilst Geralt repairs his armor, but she struggles with her technique, and Geralt calls it for the day, telling Ciri that she needs food and rest. Ciri then has another one of her visions, but this time around, it wasn't about the Black Knight.
There's a bit of tension between Geralt and his brethren; Lambert blames Geralt for killing Eskel, but Geralt reminds him that what he killed was no longer their brother, and bitterness won't help find the leshy that did actually kill him, and Coen urges Lambert to leave it alone.
Geralt recalls the time he spent with Eskel at Kaer Morhen. Eskel was ready to give up after three hours of training, but Geralt told him that none of them would get any peace until there were no monsters left in the world and their life's mission was complete.
Vesemir performs an autopsy on Eskel to determine exactly how he was turned and what mutated the leshy that attacked him. However, Geralt believes that it's time to let Eskel rest.
Istredd is brought before the council and asked if he absorbed any insight into their followers while at the Nilfgaard dig sight. But he absorbed nothing. Artorius tries to use Istredd's lack of knowledge on Nilfgaard's plan as justification for them not acting sooner, but Tissaia reminds him that she warned them beforehand, but they ignored Vilgefortz' hunch. With the Northern Kings coming for the memorial, they'll need answers, and their prisoner hasn't spoken a word. There's evidence of a magical barrier in his head, so they need to search elsewhere. With the elves flocking to Cintra, Stregobor fears that another attack could be brewing after they aligned themselves with Nilfgaard. Yennefer interrupts, revealing to all those in attendance that she is in fact alive.
Tissaia waited a month before finally carving out the names on a list of those lost at the Battle of Sodden Hill. She's glad that it no longer includes Yennefer's. Artorius can feel his hold on the council slipping and Stregobor is desperate, making him dangerous. Yennefer's actions turned the tide at the battle, and she's a hero to Tissaia and many others, but they need to allow Vilgefortz to carry the mantle of victory for now because he and Tissaia are making a play for their council seats.
Through her alliance with Fringilla, Francesca has turned Nilfgaard into a place of refuge for elves. However, Filavandrel warns her that their immigration to Xin'trea has inflamed tensions. While there's a cost for partnering with Nilfgaard, it is a cost Francesca is willing to pay.
Coen, but mostly Lambert, antagonizes Ciri and pushes her into trying her hand on the witcher training course. Ciri's first attempt on the pendulum goes awry and she is knocked to the ground.
Geralt and Vesemir carry Eskel to a cave, where they lay his body to rest. Vesemir is still trying to make sense of Eskel's death. Geralt feels like the Continent is evolving underneath their feet. Vesemir is determined to figure what happened and what he could have possibly missed in his tests. As the wolves arrive to consume Eskel's flesh, Geralt and Vesemir make their way out of the cave.
Yennefer attempts to warm up the water at Aretuza but fails miserably. She is joined by Triss and Sabrina, who heats the pool and goes for a swim, but Triss isn't comfortable showing her burn wounds and simply watches them from the edge.
Stregobor teaches a class and tells the tale of Falka, who was allegedly a power-hungry mutt of a girl who cried, "Death to all kings!" when Vridank spurned her elven mother. Bent on revenge, she slaughtered nobility, preyed on foolish followers, and incited rebellion to burn cities into the ground. All in the effort to reclaim power, though Istredd claims this is false and that Falka was a girl forgotten by her family. She was trying to rightly recover her throne, but Stregobor points out that she was quarter elven just like Yennefer, and history has a way of repeating itself. Stregobor also claims that he was there when Falka destroyed Mirthe and all the mages in it. Her violence etched in the stumps of his hands. Stregobor simply wants to protect their institution from the likes of Tissaia, Vilgefortz, and Yennefer, but Istredd insists that she would never do something like that.
Triss recalls the Battle at Sodden. After she'd been burned by a soldier, she was on the ground screaming, and Yennefer walked by her. They were all there to play a part, and she remembers thinking that if only one of them gets to live, she's glad it's Yennefer, who offers to find a cure for Triss's scars, but she doesn't appear too concerned, telling Yennefer, "What's lost is lost." She's simply glad not to be on Tissaia's plaque.
Ciri continues on the witcher course, but she is knocked off the pendulum time after time. In her final attempt, she clears it, but is immediately knocked down by the following obstacle and bleeds on the ground. Lambert isn't impressed and tells Ciri that she belongs in a castle.
General Hake disgruntledly reveals that they are harboring 4,000 elves, with more on the way. He fears they will interfere with Nilfgaard's mission, but Fringilla, who has taken control of Nilfgaard, says that the White Flame always finds a way.
Fringilla arranges a meeting with Francesca to discuss the terms of their alliance. The elves are comfortable, but Francesca wants to know what it will cost her, realizing that Nilfgaard needs a new army. Fringilla explains that they have no intentions of destroying the world, rather simply feed, house, and liberate those in need, and the elves know the Continent better than any man. Francesca wants a place for her people's future to begin and needs Fringilla to promise her that.
Yennefer crosses paths with Vilgefortz and tells him that per Tissaia's request, she's staying out from underfoot. He wishes it was different, but politics requires calculative measures. Yennefer then discovers Cahir in his cell. She tells him that he won't meet his end by their hands, as death must serve a purpose, and his would serve none. Fringilla told Cahir about Yennefer, that how she envied her during their days as schoolmates.
Yennefer is placed in a cell and bound to a chair by Stregobor, who doesn't trust her considering she has elven blood and mysteriously went missing for a month after the battle. When she admits to being a prisoner of war and having been taken by Nilfgaard, he decides to dig further through her mind for answers, but Tissaia intervenes and warns Stregobor that he will answer for this.
Coen calls Geralt and Vesemir to see Ciri on the training course. Lambert tries to convince her to get down, but she proceeds, and the witchers watch intensively as she makes her way through the course, but she takes a hard fall at the end, nearly completing the course.
Tissaia brings Stregobor before the council and accuses him of committing treason against Yennefer. However, with Yennefer having survived fire magic, imprisonment by Nilfgaard, and capture by elves, he doesn't see it as unreasonable to suspect that she may have been turned.
Tissaia reports to Yennefer that in order to prove her innocence, she has to kill Cahir. It will prove that Yennefer is not a spy, but she believes it'll only prove she's a killer, which is just another way for Stregobor to vilify her. If she won't kill him, Tissaia instructs Yennefer to tell them the truth — that she's not a threat because she lost her magic. For a month, Yennefer searched the Continent, trying every herb, potion, and spell to get back what she deserves. She looks to Tissaia for help, but all she can say is that "What is lost, is lost." But Yennefer refuses to just give up.
Ciri is frustrated with herself for failing to complete the course. Geralt says that she can do anything, but it doesn't mean that she has to. When a witcher cracks his skull, with a bit of rest and herbs, he'll heal, but Ciri isn't afforded that luxury. Ciri recalls Geralt telling her that they have to face their fears, which he admits is true, but Ciri has to train first. She wants to be a great fighter, and not just against sacks of straw. Geralt has known many who wanted to be great fighters, but they're all dead now. After Ciri storms out, he notices her blue sash tucked away in the wall.
Yennefer plans to flee Aretuza, but Istredd catches her and says that she can trust him if she has an ulterior motive. He lied to the council earlier; he spent time amongst Nilfgaard's followers and heard how they felt protected and welcomed under the emperor, which he hasn't told anyone else. Istredd is leaving for Cintra tomorrow to help the elves who are migrating, but Yennefer isn't moved. Still, Istredd warns her that Stregobor has spies stationed on the tower, and she will be caught if she tries to slip out.
Coen guides Ciri through her training and advises her how to better her technique. Geralt joins them and asks about the feeling she gets when someone's coming after her. The first word that comes to mind is that she's being pulled, but she doesn't know what towards. If she were to follow that feeling, however, it would take her to the woods.
Geralt and Ciri walk the woods, following Ciri's pull. Geralt reveals that he was at her parents' wedding feast and saw her mother exhibit uncontrolled magical power, destroying an entire throne room. It would seem Ciri inherited that power. He didn't say something sooner because he didn't want to scare her if he was wrong. They follow the pull to the leshy that infected Eskel. However, before Geralt can attack, it is killed by a much bigger, deadlier, and unfamiliar creature. Geralt tells Ciri to run whilst he fends the creature off, but he is overpowered. Meanwhile, Ciri is on the run and seeks cover under a rock before being discovered and forced into a corner by the monster. Fortunately, Geralt comes to the rescue, beheading the beast with his sword.
Yennefer and Cahir walk side by side to his execution. She explains that his death will serve as her absolution.
Artorius thanks the Northern Kingdoms for their generous contribution, honoring their fallen. In Sodden, Vilgefortz explains that they fought together for the future of magic as well as the future of the Continent. Tragically, it came at a great cost, and Tissaia reads the names of those that fell. King Foltest and King Vizimir are amongst the kingdoms and have taken a particular interest in Yennefer. However, it's all the mages that King Foltest doesn't trust. Cahir is leaned over a stump as Vilgefortz hands Yennefer the ax. However, instead of cutting off his head, she cuts him free of his chains and they escape together on horseback.

</doc>
<doc id="118810" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118810" title="Redanian Intelligence (Netflix episode)">
Redanian Intelligence (Netflix episode)

"Redanian Intelligence" is the fourth episode of season 2 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"A guest at Kaer Morhen extends a guiding hand to Ciri — and an invitation to Geralt. On the run in Redania, Yennefer seeks safety below ground."
Summary.
Geralt continues his training of Ciri, with the duo scaling mountains, walking across rocks, and running through the woods. However, Ciri trips after hearing a noise and tumbles down a hill. She gets to her feet and is approached by Triss, with whom she's not familiar with, but who extends a helping hand after Ciri takes a rough fall. She approaches Ciri and heals the cut on her cheek just as they're joined by Geralt. The three of them return to Kaer Morhen, where she is greeted by Vesemir, Lambert, and Coen.
Elves are being rounded up and taken prisoner by the Northern Kingdoms. Among them is a man named Beardell, who asks to be set free so that he can relieve himself, but the guard refuses to let him go and forces Beardell to pee on himself.
Yennefer and Cahir are on the run in Oxenfurt, where Yennefer reveals that Nilfgaard has forged an alliance with the elves and that Fringilla has claimed leadership. They're forced to go into hiding when wanted posters for their arrest are released to the public.
King Vizimir is nearly poisoned and killed by two of his advisors, but Dijkstra comes to his rescue, killing both his would-be assassins, stabbing one in the throat and poisoning the other. He then reveals to the king that the Northern Kingdoms have formed an alliance based on their mutual hatred of elves, but that is no concern of theirs. With Calanthe gone, Dijkstra believes now is a good time to make a play for Cintra.
Ciri asks how Geralt and Triss met. She reveals that he found himself in her kingdom a time ago and helped her with a princess in trouble. She nearly killed him, but he saved her anyway. Ciri thinks that Triss is quite impressive herself, with how she healed her cheek and also complements her dress. Ciri offers to show her around, but Triss knows the place pretty well. When Geralt told Vesemir what Triss had done for him, he invited her. This time around, Geralt invited her to help guide Ciri.
While searching for refuge, Yennefer and Cahir are attacked by a guard, who Yennefer takes out before retreating into the sewers, where they meet a couple elves named Dermain, who is deaf, and Ba'lian, who pulls a knife on Cahir until being disarmed. Dermain realizes that they're the mage and soldier from the poster and believes they can trust them, revealing that they're headed for the Sandpiper, who helps elves get passage to Xin'trea. With their help, Cahir assures them a pick of land upon their safe return to Cintra. Although, Ba'lian is reluctant, he relents.
Geralt reveals to Triss that Ciri is a Child Surprise who likely inherited an evolved version of her mother's untrained magic. However, Ciri hasn't exhibited any typical indicators of Chaos. She only seems to have the power of foresight at the moment. He goes on to tell Triss about Ciri's pull that led them to the leshy that turned Eskel. And then some unknown creature tore it in half and charged at them. He wonders if it's possible a mage sent the monster after Ciri. Theoretically, it's possible, but it's also been outlawed for centuries. Despite this, she performs a test to determine any signs of mutagenic alchemy, but they won't have results until morning. Triss is sorry about Eskel, and Geralt is sorry about Sodden. Those who died, Triss says their name at night so she doesn't forget. If it's up to her, everyone will know their names. Witchers pretend not to have emotions, but Triss knows they feel every emotion humans do. She takes his hand and asks Geralt to stay with her tonight, but he turns down her offer.
Ba'lian guides Yennefer, Cahir, and Dermain through an old elven aqueduct. Yennefer questions what happened to Dermain's ears, and he reveals that some villagers came to him at a tavern a week back in Gors Velen. Ever since the elves took refuge in Xin'trea, the North have been claiming that they're all sleeper agents for Nilfgaard, and they've been getting rounded up.
Dermain reveals that there's said to be a pregnant elf in Xin'trea, which can be the start of a new beginning, but Ba'lian isn't convinced. Dermain plans to get a little patch of land, raise some chicken, and find a beautiful woman to boss him around. Unfortunately for Dermain, he is dragged under and presumably killed by a tentacled creature. Yennefer and Cahir try to help, but Ba'lian leaves them behind. Yennefer is then snatched, but Cahir manages to pull her to safety. They make their way back to surface level, where he realizes that Yennefer lost her powers that day on the battlefield in Sodden. He believes that maybe Yennefer has a bigger purpose. He and Fringilla serve the White Flame because he served them first. Everyone answers to someone eventually. Yennefer and Cahir then spot Ba'lian creeping into a tavern through the back entrance. Once inside, they confront him for leaving Dermain behind. The elves explain that they have to wait for the tavern to empty, then the piper will take them to the boat. As it turns out, the Sandpiper is Jaskier, who performs at the tavern every night, and sings a song about how Geralt turned his back on him.
Dijkstra contemplates his next move. Perhaps their way into Cintra is by sending in an elven spy. The elf he chooses just so happens to be Dara.
Rather than her usual ragged clothing, Ciri wears a bright-colored shirt with a flower in her hair to match Triss, but when she is heckled by Lambert and Coen, she flees with tears filling her eyes. Triss scolds them both. They dress her in rags and keep her bruised as an apple. That is when she isn't washing piss-pots or their trousers. She doesn't even have feminine hygiene products. They say they're mutants and that's why they don't understand what people feel, but the truth is that they're choosing to be ignorant arseholes.
Triss tells Ciri that it took her a long time to learn to control her powers. Geralt joins them and tells Ciri that the guys felt bad she didn't finish her breakfast while giving her some wrapped food. Ciri remarks that her grandmother fought battles and wore dresses, which Geralt is aware of. The test is complete, but as far as Triss can tells, there's no evidence of mutagenic alchemy. However, she does uncover stellacite, like from a monolith. Inside the leshy that turned Eskel, they uncover more stellacite, meaning they come from the same place, more specifically the same monolith. Ciri reveals that when Nilfgaard attacked Cintra, just outside the city walls, she saw a monolith topple. Before she can reveal anything more, she touches the stellacite and has a vision about death to come. When she wakes, Geralt and Triss have moved her to another room and asks to know everything she does. Ciri reveals that when the Black Knight captured her, she screamed and that's when the monolith cracked and fell.
The following morning, once the tavern is empty, Yennefer reunites with Jaskier, who she is surprisingly happy to see, greeting him with a hug. She heard his song and suspects that he and Geralt must've ended on bad terms, which he admits is true. She accuses him of being the Sandpiper and reveals that she's in hiding. Jaskier informs her that there are anonymous benefactors working behind the scenes to help him save the elves. Yennefer questions why Jaskier is even concerned. He explains that he was at the great oak Bleobheris when it was raided. The Seat of Friendship, the Druid's called it. Where every free thinker was welcome, no matter their race or creed. The elves are only the first. After they're dead, they will come for everyone else they deem as different. Cahir joins them, and Yennefer reveals that they need to get to Cintra.
Triss stops by to see Geralt off and hand him his elixires as he prepares to investigate the destroyed monolith outside of Cintra. About last night, Geralt tells Triss that he can't be what she wants or deserves, but for her, he is all that she was looking for last night. His pain excites her because she finally felt something again. Most of them were cured after the battle, but all wounds can not be healed, like her burns. Geralt hopes that in her search to feel again, she finds her value to him, as she's important to him. Vesemir gets word of Geralt's trip despite claiming he would never go to Cintra again, but he's only doing so in order to protect Ciri.
Triss reveals that she has a friend who studies monoliths and portals Geralt to Istredd, who summons a barrier and commands Geralt to stay back.
Jaskier distracts the guards so that the others can sneak aboard the ship. The man asks for his papers for transit, but Jaskier begins singing one of his songs, which the guard recognizes and begins singing along with, as his niece loves Jaskier's songs, so much so, that he's willing to let Jaskier aboard without seeing his papers. However, Jaskier turns around and confronts the man after he makes a couple unflattering remarks about his song. Jaskier insults the man, who then demands to see his papers. Looking to redeem himself for his past cowardice, Ba'lian says "Fuck the North!" and punches the guard. An altercation ensues, allowing the others to sneak on to the boat.
Vesemir goes out into the woods, where he finds Feainnewedd blossoming, which is said to only grow where Elder blood has been spilled. He found it on Killer Trail and the training course where Ciri bled. Elder blood was thought to have been wiped from the Continent generations ago. It is also one of the key ingredients in the creation of the first witcher mutagens, which were destroyed in the sacking of Kaer Morhen. Not another witcher had been created since. Vesemir believes that Ciri is the key to making more witchers.
Jaskier guides the elves and Cahir down into the ship. There, Dara thanks him for safe passage. On his way back up top, Jaskier asks what happened to Yennefer. She reveals that she lost her magic. She suspects that he intends to gloat, but he's an artist and it's his job to put himself in other people's shoes. Like her, he's scared that one day the muses will stop speaking to him, because who are they when they can no longer do the one thing they were put on the Continent to do. Yennefer replies that they have to find a new purpose. Jaskier tells Yennefer goodbye and wishes her good luck. However, as soon as Jaskier leaves, Yennefer hears him scream and goes to investigate, only to find his lute laying on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="118811" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118811" title="Turn Your Back">
Turn Your Back

"Turn Your Back" is the fifth episode of season 2 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"As a powerful mage joins the hunt for Ciri, she cuts a deal with Vesemir over his extraordinary discovery. Geralt explores the mystery of the monoliths."
Summary.
Lydia visits Rience in his Cintran cell of ten years to inform him of Calanthe's death. Still, his conviction lives on, unless he agrees to Lydia's proposal: his freedom in exchange for hunting down Calanthe's granddaughter.
Istredd is struggling to find a new land route to Cintra when Geralt unexpectedly portals in.
Yennefer misses the last call to board the boat for Cintra in search of Jaskier, who has been taken and restrained to a chair by Rience, who has tapped into fire magic and uses it as a means of intimidation.
Geralt explains that he was sent by Triss, as he is in need of a monolith expert, informing Istredd about the stellacite tower that cracked and fell just outside Cintra, and now a new subspecies of monsters are coming from it. Geralt suspects they were nesting in the subterranean structure for years, which might explains the new mutations.
Yennefer approaches a whore and asks if she would like to make some money on her feet instead of on her back. She fears that Jaskier might have gotten into some trouble at the docks and asks the lady to go to the garrison and see if he's been caged.
On the road to Cintra, Istredd tells Geralt that monoliths are supposedly indestructible and asks what could possibly have the force to destroy one. Istredd has never actually seen Cintra's monolith, as Calanthe didn't allow access, whereas Nilfgaard did. While nearing the site of the monolith collapse, they are approached by two Nilfgaard guards, and when Istredd fails to convince them that they're official researchers, he and Geralt are forced to attack the guards.
Ciri continues her training at Kaer Morhen, on the training course. Triss finds her and asks if she's given up on magic lessons already, but Ciri explains that she's simply trying to conquer her fears and that she'll join Triss for their lesson later. On her way back inside, Vesemir presses further about Ciri's Elder blood, which according to tales, can create witcher mutagen. Triss reminds Vesemir that Ciri is a girl, not a tool, and if they are to test his theory that her blood can create more witchers, it's only because Ciri agrees to it.
Yennefer watches helplessly as guards from the Northern Kingdom take a daughter away from her mother. She tries to use magic to help, but without access to Chaos, she is powerless. The lady whom she employed to check out the garrison has returned and informs Yennefer that no one by the name of Jaskier was there. However, she tells Yennefer to check the taverns. From experience, when she loses a man, he's usually at the first place she found him.
Jaskier is tortured by Rience, but he insists that he hasn't seen Geralt in months or his Child Surprise. Rience isn't convinced and uses fire to burn the answers from Jaskier while explaining that Chaos is drawn from a source. In his case, it's fire, though it is a forbidden source because it typically consumes those who draw from it, though Rience has found a balance. Jaskier pleads with Rience to believe him when he says that he doesn't know anything about Geralt's whereabouts. Fortunately for Jaskier, Yennefer stumbles in, posing as his drunken wife. With a mouthful of alcohol, Yennefer waits until Rience conjures fire before spitting the alcohol out and engulfing his face in fire, allowing her and Jaskier to escape.
Geralt and Istredd, much to his disbelief, arrive at the sight of the fallen monolith, which defies every historical precedent. Geralt was expecting tracks or bones, but he can't see anything from up top and decides to take a look down.
Vesemir is impressed with Ciri's efforts on the training course and tells her about the Conjunction of the Spheres; when it happened, it wasn't just the elves, humans, and dwarves. Spheres of beasts collided, too. Mages weaponized monsters and tried to conquer the land with them, but that backfired. Then 300 years ago, mages weaponized man and created witchers to kill the beasts and save humanity from extinction, but they're fewer now because when Kaer Mohern was destroyed, so was the mutagen that allowed them to make new witchers, but Vesemir believes that Ciri's Elder blood can change that and with a vile of her blood, they can make more. Ciri agrees to help him so long as he tests it on her first, but he refuses, as many didn't survive the trials, and he won't take that chance with her. However, with the witchers slowly dying off, Ciri convinces Vesemir to agree to her terms.
Geralt and Istredd have crawled down into the subterranean, where there's not a nest or any evidence of life. Historians have always theorized that monoliths are scars from the Conjunction. Leftover points of impact, but monster didn't exist on their plane before the Conjunction. All species were on different planes until the spheres merged into one. A Conjunction like that would've required two things: a massive surge of energy and conduits to channel it, leading Istredd to suspect that the monoliths are conduits.
With Ciri's blessing, Vesemir and Triss take a vile of her blood to test his theory and create the witcher mutagen successfully. It is then that Triss learns that Ciri seeks to be the first new witcher.
Jaskier reveals to Yennefer that Rience is after Geralt and tells her to warn him, but without magic she can't. They are approached by three men. Yennefer kicks one in between his legs, and she and Jaskier split up. The lady from before offers Yennefer shelter in her whorehouse, but unbeknownst to Yennefer, Redanian guards await inside to apprehend her.
Ciri believes that becoming a witcher might help her find a new truth, but Triss attempts to convince her out of it, proposing a different method to find out where Ciri's power comes from by performing a Dol Durza, which roughly translates to Valley of the Soul, which allows her to enter the deepest layer of Ciri's consciousness and uncover things that may be hidden, like genetic memories.
Triss performs Dol Durza, allowing them to not only walk through Ciri's memories, but those of her mother and grandmother's as well. Although, when Ciri's mother, Pavetta, directly interacts with Ciri, Triss becomes worried, as this is not how it's supposed to work. They proceed through a door leading to Cintra, where her mother and father are worried about her well-being. Duny feared that they would kill Ciri if they knew about the prophecy. This is the night they died, before fleeing on a boat. Pavetta once again makes eye contact with Ciri, which startles Triss, who pulls Ciri out the room. Ciri then follows the sound of a whispering voice calling out to her.
Istredd was at a dig in Nazair a while back, where he witnessed a monolith emitting strange vibrations. It only lasted a few seconds, but the date corresponds with the night Cintra fell. They are currently standing where the energy surge originated, which activated the conduit system and the monoliths started talking. Their monoliths are calling to the original spheres, opening a gateway between the spheres and their plane. The monsters aren't new, they're just new to the Continent. Istredd wants to know how Geralt knew the monsters and monoliths were linked, but Geralt is reluctant to tell him anything, as he still doesn't trust Istredd, who in a moment of transparency, reveals that he actually came to Cintra in search of Yennefer. It's from Istredd that Geralt learns that she's still alive.
The Dol Durza has taken Ciri and Triss to some kind of desert-like plane, where the wounded elven warrior Lara Dorren sits on the ground with her child. When Triss tries to heal her, Lara Dorren grabs her by the throat. The elven warrior then looks over to Ciri, referring to her as the "Child of Elder blood, child of wrath." She explains that the world will die amidst frost and be reborn of the new sun. It will be reborn in Elder blood, of the seed that has been sewn. A seed that will not sprout, but will burst into flame. Just as the Wild Hunt approaches, Ciri screams out to Geralt, cracking the witcher medallion tree as her voice echoes throughout all the lands, an echo with such great reach that even Geralt and Istredd hear her cry for help. However, they're forced to take cover as shards of stellacite begin flying at them.
Ciri and Triss return to their bodies in a panic, Triss more so. She's terrified of what she saw. Something is ending, and Ciri will be at the center of it; the seed that bursts into flames and will destroy them all.
Istredd questions where did the stellacite fragments go and whose voice was that calling out to Geralt. Unfortunately for them, it would seem a portal has opened and a chernobog has emerged and flies away.
Ciri demands that Vesemir turn her into a witcher at once. So, he straps her down to a bed and prepares to inject her with the mutagen, but Geralt arrives and stops him. However, Ciri wants to go through with it. All she ever thinks about are consequences. No matter how hard she trains, it'll never be enough. She reveals that she wants to be a witcher so that she no longer has to feel the pain of her past. However, Geralt explains that no one can forget who they are, including witchers. Their best chance is to kill the hatred they hold on to and move on.
Istredd returns to his studies, questioning if the monolith is what Queen Calanthe was protecting all this time. He then begins searching through the royal Cintrian family tree.
Cahir awakens from a nightmare on the boat just as they're approaching Cintra. Meanwhile, Fringilla is searching for an alternative after receiving word that guards have begun boarding ships. She's making Francesca privy to this so that they can be instep together. This is a new experience for both of them, as they've never had partners before. The next ship is due soon, and Francesca wants her people to meet their liberator.
Cahir tries to skip the line into Xin'trea, but Gage blocks his entrance and informs him that he must first declare himself, as Dara did before him. Filavandrel intervenes and asks for Cahir to identify himself, but then Fringilla joins them and welcomes Cahir home.
While restrained to a chair, Yennefer can hear the Deathless Mother speaking to her, informing her how Fringilla and Francesca are thriving. All she has to do to get her magic back is say the incantation, which she does and portals away. Jaskier watches this unfold from outside and is apprehended by guards.
Yennefer is brought before the Deathless Mother, who explains that she doesn't grant wishes. She's merely a guide to get Yennefer what she wants. Yennefer exclaims that she deserves access to Chaos. The Deathless Mother reveals that Ciri is the key to Yennefer getting her power back. All she has to do is deliver her to a shattered black door just outside Cintra.

</doc>
<doc id="118812" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118812" title="Dear Friend...">
Dear Friend...

"Dear Friend..." is the sixth episode of season 2 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"A close friend is lost — and another found — as Geralt helps Ciri learn more about her power. Cahir warns Fringilla to focus on their primary mission."
Summary.
Geralt and Ciri hunt down the chernobog that escaped from the monolith. Ciri and Roach remain on land as Geralt makes his way through the river. This is when the beast attacks from the sky. It first goes after Geralt before attacking Roach and knocking Ciri to the ground.
Vesemir had admittedly been a fool for ever agreeing to Ciri's deal. Triss admits that she too has been a fool. Whatever's running through Ciri's veins and whatever they made from it is more dangerous than they know. Suddenly, Vesemir is alerted of an unexpected presence. It's Rience, who blocks their attacks, before trapping Triss in a barrier of fire and sending a fireball Vesemir's way before stealing the vial of witcher mutagen and portaling out.
Roach is badly wounded, three long claw slashes going down her lower end, forcing Geralt to put her out of her misery. He and Ciri proceed to stage a trap for the beast that killed Roach. Ciri climbs up on top of a rock to lure the chernobog in. Just when it's nearly within reaching distance of her, Geralt appears and kills the beast, shoving a sharpened stick through its chest.
Fringilla watches as Francesca brings back life to a dead flower in the garden. Her favorite thing to do as a girl was flower picking with her mother. After she died, Francesca kept one to remember her by. One day, it started to wilt, and when she held that flower, she began to feel warm inside and the flower bloomed again. She did that spell over and over for years, until her father caught her and tried to lead the village in a crusade against her, but he failed. Her brother held their father down as she slit his throat. The village then built a statue in her honor. At Aretuza, they were taught the art of politics and persuasion, to trick others into thinking they're in control. Francesca suspects this of Fringilla's relationship with Cahir, as she's different when he's around. Francesca tells Fringilla that it's time for her to put Cahir in his place, as he's no longer in power. Francesca heads back to the castle as Cahir joins them. Cahir understands that Fringilla was forced to make a difficult decision in times of war, but he knows her well enough to understand that she didn't forsake the mission given to them by the White Flame. And now it's time they return to the reason they took Cintra in the first place, which is Ciri, who was last seen in Sodden.
Geralt is proud of Ciri. What she did back there with the beast was courageous. Ciri admits to having that feeling again when the chernobog came at her, but she doesn't think it wanted to hurt her. She blames herself for the monsters coming through the monolith. When the Black Knight caught her, all she could feel was fear, but she also felt anger. And when there were four men from Cintra that found her and planned to take her, she screamed and killed all of them.
Geralt and Ciri arrive at Melitele's Temple. Graduates of the temple school are known to become midwives, historians, healers, and witchers. Vesemir sent Geralt here when he was about Ciri's age. It's where they learn to do signs. They are joined by Nenneke, who embraces them both and takes Ciri to her office, where she announces her plans to guide Ciri in the art of controlling her Chaos. Ciri mentions the Daughter of Chaos, leading Nenneke to question where she heard that term, as the things she's saying require knowledge that have been lost to time, and knowledge like that is usually lost for a reason. Nevertheless, Ciri is ready for the truth, whatever it takes. Nenneke admires her spirit and introduces Ciri to Jarre, one of her best students, to help Ciri.
Now that she's had a chance to speak with her, Nenneke tells Geralt that he's screwed no matter what. Kingdoms will want her for her status. Thousands have been killed in pursuit of her already, not to mention her Elder blood. Geralt has told her about the fact that Ciri has recited Ithlinne's prophecies during one of her episodes. Nenneke believes that she's a Child of Destiny, and that Geralt and Ciri are a part of one another. Geralt must find balance, and then maybe he might stand a chance of helping her.
Filavandrel checks in on Francesca, who hopes that training is going well. Death is a part of life, and perhaps that is the cost of them getting their land back, Francesca concludes. Filavandrel isn't so sure it will still happen given Cahir's return, but Francesca insists that she's taking care of it. Filavandrel didn't come to tell her what to do. He came to ask what she needs of him, as he'll do what whatever she asks. Francesca simply needs him to stay by her and their child's side.
Coen asks Triss about Vesemir, who is stable but shaken. Lambert begins to wonder what a mage needs with a witcher, but Triss insists that he's not one of her kind. Fire magic is off-limits for them. Whoever he is, he isn't working for the Brotherhood. She then comes to the conclusion that he took the vial of witcher mutagen.
Rience reveals to Lydia that he has a vial of Ciri's blood in his possession, but he has no intentions of giving it to her. However, he is willing to give it over in exchange for an opportunity to meet Lydia's employer. She agrees to see what she can do and then tells Rience that he'll need a crew if he intends to get in and out of the temple with Ciri.
Istredd seeks out Ellis Codringher and Fenn for information. Codringher already knows who Istredd is and asks if he's acting on behalf of Stregobor, which Istredd insists that he isn't. He simply wants to know what a witcher, a monolith, and a mysterious girl has to do with Nilfgaard. They inform Istredd that sensitive questions are expensive. Once he pays for their services, Codringher and Fenn reveal that the girl is Cirilla of Cintra
Jarre takes Ciri to the library and gives her the Orbuculum for her studies. He's not necessarily sure what it does, as he's a simple historian in training. Unbeknownst to either of them, Yennefer watches from afar and follows Ciri until losing track of her. She enters a room, where Geralt just so happens to be. They kiss, but are interrupted by Ciri, who Geralt reveals is his Child Surprise.
Hake is thankful that Cahir came back when he did, as he doesn't trust the elves or Fringilla, who isn't acting on behalf of the White Flame, he suspects. Cahir notices Filavandrel coaching Dara and proposes a proper demonstration between him and the untrained elf. Cahir grabs a sword, charging at Dara and knocking him on the ground. Filavandrel holds his blade to Cahir's throat in retaliation but lets him go after getting word from Gage that Francesca has gone into labor.
Ciri and Yennefer become acquainted, with Yennefer telling her about unicorns and how she used to own a stuffed one until it broke. Geralt argues they only approach those who are pure of heart and questions how she got her hands on one, but Ciri questions how she survived Sodden. Yennefer replies that she's one of the lucky ones. Ciri then remarks that Geralt says she's one of the most powerful mages he's ever known. Yennefer claims she's staying at the temple to hide out from the Brotherhood. Ciri recalls dreaming about Yennefer once, before she even knew she existed.
With Fringilla, Filavandrel, and a midwife at her side coaching her through, Francesca gives birth to her baby girl, though quiet for a moment, with some provided warmth from Fringilla, the baby is alive and well. Fringilla exits the room and informs Gage, Dara, and the others waiting in the hallway that a new elf has been born.
While roaming the halls during the late hours, Ciri stumbles upon Nenneke lighting dozens of candles to welcome late stragglers seeking refuge. Ciri asks to help and lights a candle in Mousesack's honor. She just wishes he would've told her what she is. No one did until she met Geralt. Her grandmother was brave and never hid from anything but hated elves despite Ciri's Elder blood. Nenneke replies that hatred is a circle of fear and desperation. Perhaps her grandmother's hypocrisy is rooted in a desire to protect her. Ciri's true power resides in more than her blood. With proper guidance, she may have the ability to break the cycle of hatred once and for all. Ciri then asks what she's supposed to do with the Orbuculum, but that's for her to figure out on her own.
Fringilla and Cahir watch as the elves celebrate the birth of a pure blood. Cahir can only remember one other time of such celebration: after the Usurper was overthrown and the people rose up. It took Fringilla a while to feel free, and now it's her who gave the elves hope. Cahir wonders what this will do to their alliance. What happens when the elves decide they can repopulate on their own, without Nilfgaard's help, he wonders. He then reveals that the White Flame wrote him and will be in Cintra any day now.
Geralt and Yennefer catch up over lost time. Admittedly, the last time they saw each other was a bit tumultuous. Yennefer questions what changed his mind about claiming Ciri. Many things changed his mind, and Yennefer was among them, he admits. Yennefer reveals that she ran into Jaskier in Oxenfurt. He was in some kind of trouble with a mage using fire magic who was looking for Geralt and Ciri. Yennefer's heart has been beating fast the entire time. She's nervous, and Geralt questions why. She reveals that she has some wounds that refuse to heal.
Istredd reveals to Codringher and Fenn that there's a gene that keeps showing up in Cintran genealogy records, but he's never heard of it, Leishardrathardlara. It looks like mostly women have it. Codringher grabs a scroll and Fenn reads "And when the humans proved hostile, bringing death and destruction, multiplying and infesting their lands, the elves built a warrior to destroy them."
Dara reveals to Dijkstra's owl that Nilfgaard's mission is to find Ciri. He recalls helping her escape only to lose her.
Ciri finds a history book lying on the floor with blood soaked on the cover. She follows the blood trail to Jarre, who lies unconscious on the floor. Accompanied by the Michelet brothers, Rience goes after Ciri, trapping her in a fire barrier until Geralt and Yennefer intervene. Geralt holds off their attackers while Ciri and Yennefer lock themselves in a room. With Rience on the other side of the door trying to melt it open, Geralt kills the Michelet brothers. The Orbuculum senses Ciri's magic and begins to glow. Yennefer teaches Ciri how to create a portal, which they escape through. Geralt calls out to Yennefer and tells her to stop, but she tells him she can't.
Before leaving, Triss reveals to Vesemir that the vial of witcher mutagen was taken by the fire mage.
Fenn reads the following from a scroll: "And when the babe was born, a field of feainnewedd sprung up. And Lara Dorren drew her last breath, crying, 'Know this. My curse will hound your descendants unto the tenth generation. Until the columns of time and space tremble and open for my people. Then my vengeance will be born again." Codringher deduces that Calanthe hid her elven bloodline because she knew what lurked in it. A generational weapon, Istredd remarks.
Triss is loyal to Tissaia above all else and reveals that a drop of Ciri's blood can change the world. And in the wrong hands, she will destroy it.

</doc>
<doc id="118813" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118813" title="Voleth Meir (Netflix episode)">
Voleth Meir (Netflix episode)

"Voleth Meir" is the seventh episode of season 2 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"Geralt turns to a humble bard for help, Yennefer realizes just how special Ciri is, and tensions rise on the eve of Emperor Emhyr's visit to Cintra."
Summary.
Geralt finds Redanian crowns on the bodies of the Michelet brothers. He then apologizes to Nenneke for the mess, as the men were after Ciri, who he now needs to find, but first, Nenneke tends to his wounds and asks how Ciri broke the Orbuculum. Nenneke tells Geralt that Ciri needs more than he can give her, but Geralt refuses to give up on her. With that in mind, she asks how she can help, and Geralt tells her to open a portal.
Ciri realizes that she's teleported herself and Yennefer to Zola's home. Ciri was here when she had her first dreamed about Yennefer. It's the same day Geralt found her. Ciri hopes that Zola and her family fled, but instead, she finds that they've been murdered by the fire mage, which Ciri partially blames herself for before coming to the conclusion that Rience could possibly work for Nilfgaard and maybe took him to their nearest outpost, that being Cintra. Ciri has fantasized about going back and killing the Black Knight, but she fears for Yennefer's well-being and intends to go alone, but Yennefer convinces her otherwise.
At Aretuza, Vilgefortz lies in bed whilst Tissaia looks out the window. He wraps his arms around her, tells her that he loves her, and asks what's wrong. She reluctantly reveals they have an unexpected visitor.
Hake warns Fringilla that Redania has likely implanted a spy, as it's what he would've done. Cahir agrees with Fringilla that they need to rebuild their army but acknowledges Hake's concerns and intends to do so wisely. He then reveals that half the elves didn't even show up for training, and Fringilla assures that she will talk to them. With the White Flame arrival tomorrow, Cahir will not have him met with chaos and insubordination. If the elves refuse to serve, Cahir will like to deal with them, as the generals and White Flame would respect a strong hand. Speaking of which, they watch as Hake pushes a woman with a rope around her neck off the castle for attempting to breach the gates.
Jaskier is locked in a cell, singing along with his musical companions, a couple of rats, as Geralt arrives. He takes down the guard and frees Jaskier before embracing him in a hug. He's in need of Jaskier's help to find Ciri and Yennefer.
On the road to Cintra, Ciri tells Yennefer that Geralt is the father she never had. And when she's with him, she doesn't feel alone anymore. Ciri then asks about Yennefer's relationship with Geralt, which consisted of longing, regret, hope, and fear.
Francesca and Filavandrel are discussing baby names when Fringilla reveals that their fighters failed to show up for training. However, Filavandrel reveals that many of them had a change of heart. They never intended to fight for Nilfgaard. Francesca convinced him, but now she's given him a far better reason not to fight. It's time for them to rebuild and grow strong again. While they're grateful for the home Nilfgaard provided in Xin'trea, they have no intentions of dying in someone else's war. As a friend, Francesca asks if these are Fringilla's words or Cahir's. The bargain they struck in that hut is working, Fringilla adds. And it can remain that way, so long as their bond remains strong. While she and Fringilla are friends, Francesca cherishes the bond of family more.
The council gets word from Dijkstra that an elven baby has been born of a mage. Artorius and Stregobor see a potential threat, but Tissaia isn't convinced. They see this as a beacon and a potential enemy, who are already aligned with Nilfgaard. However, Vilgefortz doesn't intend to act on unfounded prejudice and rumor. Dijkstra replies that today's gossip is next month's news. For instance, he's heard that Triss had returned, which the council was not aware of. Tissaia claims she simply came back to recover after falling ill.
Rience shares his latest failure with Lydia, who reveals that her employer hasn't been there in days. She only promised he'd meet him if he brought the girl. Hoping to push the process along, Rience agrees to allow Lydia to run tests on the vial of witcher mutagen containing Ciri's blood in hopes of convincing her employer to come. Lydia performs a blood tracing ritual, but doing so with the witcher mutagen leaves her horribly disfigured and scarred.
Geralt takes Jaskier to a stream, where he washes up and reveals that Yennefer saved his life. She even risked her life for his. He reveals that Yennefer was on the run after losing her magic. However, when she was imprisoned in the whorehouse, he recalls her magically disappearing after muttering an incantation about a hut, leading Geralt to come to the conclusion that she's in league with the Deathless Mother. Voleth Meir was imprisoned by the first witchers and entombed in a hut, as she is a demon that feeds on pain. With that in mind, Geralt intends to go to Cintra.
On the other side of the stream, Geralt and Jaskier reunite with Yarpen Zigrin and his crew. Yarpen and his men run the roads for Henselt and protect his convoys. Geralt asks about Lucas Corto, who owes Geralt money. However, Lucas got married, settled down in Mahakam, and dropped out of the company. Geralt then asks to borrow a horse, for which he will pay Yarpen double when he finds some coin.
Unfortunately for Ciri and Yennefer, the bridge over the river has broken. For lesson number two, Yennefer teaches Ciri to use her Chaos to repair the bridge, a task she struggles with, so much so, that blood begins to drip from her eyes. Yennefer forces her to stop when she begins straining too fiercely, and Ciri screams in anger so intensely that she teleports Yennefer, herself, as well as the horses to the other side of the bridge. Yennefer wipes her face and tells Ciri to never apologize for her power.
Tissaia reveals to Triss that she saw Ciri at Sodden. She was there with Geralt, but Tissaia didn't know who she was at the time, and they had come looking for Yennefer. Triss has told Tissaia what she saw when she performed the Dol Durza and asks who else knows. No one outside of them and the other witchers, Triss explains. Vilgefortz interrupts them after having learned the truth from Tissaia and demands to know everything she does. Triss sees this as a betrayal and leaves without saying another word. Tissaia blames Vilgefortz for not heading her warning and waiting until the time is right, but Vilgefortz sees this as a potential to end all war, because if she falls into the wrong hand, she could destroy the world. Vilgefortz has always considered Tissaia his equal partner. He wished he could prove to her that he's equal of the same.
Fringilla appears to her uncle Artorius at Aretuza for help. She may need to leave Nilfgaard quickly. The White Flame is arriving tomorrow with great expectations. She brought in the elves to fight for Nilfgaard, but they've had a change of heart. Blood being a bond stronger than all over, she pleads with her uncle for help. He admits that he should've stood up for her during the ball that night at Aretuza. Whatever is brewing, the Brotherhood needs reinforcement. If Fringilla were to return, she would have to plead her case, as well as apologize for believing that she could have any impact at all with Nilfgaard. Feeling belittled, Fringilla leaves to reconsider her options.
Dara is admittedly nervous. As a child, he watched Cintran soldiers murder his kind, and now he's watching Nilfgaard do the same. He himself is guilty of being a spy. The night before, seeing his people sing and dance, and a baby in her mother's arms, he realized that he no longer cares about Redania or Ciri. Moving forward, he's going to focus on keeping the elven hope alive and tells Dijkstra's owl to deliver the message.
Hake has had his doubts about Fringilla all along and questions why the White Flame would allow a mage to give his orders. Cahir remarks that they're supposed to be on the same side and searching for Ciri. Hake replies they'll find her as soon as they unload Fringilla's dead weight. Suddenly, they become paralyzed after Fringilla poisons them with nightshade, which possesses paralytic qualities. Fringilla proceeds to kill every general seated at the table, a total of four of them. All that remains is Cahir, but she leaves him alive to tell Emhyr that the generals were killed for their treachery, as he trusts no one above Cahir.
King Vizimir and Dijkstra discuss their next move. Ciri would give them the rightful claim to Cintra, making Redania the most powerful kingdom on the Continent. Unfortunately, unknown variables remain at Aretuza. Even without Dara, they're still in a strong position.
Jaskier questions what changed in Geralt to make him claim his Child Surprise. He thought ignoring her existence would make everything better, but she was wrong. As for Yennefer, if she's hurt Ciri, Geralt will kill her. But Jaskier proposes that she could've changed as well, as people tend to do stupid things when they're trapped in the corner. Speaking of old friends, he apologizes for the last time he saw Jaskier.
Ciri and Yennefer arrive at the sight of the monolith collapse, just outside Cintra. If they ever get separated, Yennefer wants Ciri to remember that magic is all she has and that it's a part of her. However, Ciri's not normal. Rather than controlling the Chaos, it controls her. As they get closer to the shattered black door, Yennefer touches Ciri and tells her to turn back if she's afraid. Yennefer apologizes for betraying Ciri and informs her that Geralt isn't at Cintra. Ciri suspects that the mage at the temple knew Yennefer and that she's been conspiring with him the entire time. Upset by her betrayal, Ciri's powers get the better of her and emits a rippling effect, cracking the ground and nearby Cintran kingdom, occupied by Nilfgaard.
Half a dozen Nilfgaard guards come charging towards Ciri and Yennefer, who tries to defend them off with a stick but is overpowered. Fortunately, Geralt and Jaskier arrive with Yarpen and his crew to kill the guards and save Ciri. Geralt then draws his blade on Yennefer, who apologizes for her betrayal. Geralt intends to stay behind and kill the Deathless Mother whilst Jaskier takes Ciri back to Kaer Morhen. With the blade to her neck, Yennefer recites the incantation.
Meanwhile, just inside the Nilfgaard castle, Filavandrel and Francesca discover that their child has been killed in her sleep. This expression of pain allows the Deathless Mother to escape her prison and take possession of Ciri.

</doc>
<doc id="118823" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118823" title="Nivellen/Netflix series">
Nivellen/Netflix series

Nivellen was a former human who fell under a curse, turning him into a beast.
Biography.
Early life.
Growing up, Nivellen had a rather strained relationship with his father, who never seemed to approve of anything Nivellen did. One day when he was a teen, Nivellen's father hired Geralt to rid their forest of a wyvern infestation. Nivellen, wishing to prove himself, set out to try and kill one first but instead fell into the monsters' lair. However, Geralt rescued him and slew the wyvern trying to kill Nivellen, cutting its head clean off. Instead of scolding Nivellen though, Geralt instead handed him the wyvern's head and told his father his son killed it. This was the first and only time Nivellen ever saw his father proud of him. After this turn of events, Nivellen and Geralt struck up a friendship.
However, he later fell in with a bad group and at one point the group went and sacked a Temple of the Lionheaded Spider and raped the priestess. As he did so, the priestess cursed him, mentioning something about "love and blood", before turning him into a beast. He in turn accidentally killed all the servants of his estate when he didn't realize how strong his cursed form was.
Later life.
He tried several times to kill himself to end his suffering, but it appeared the curse wouldn't allow him such an easy way out, forcing him to continue living in his cursed form and destined to live alone in this state. However, this changed some time later when he found Vereena, an injured and starving bruxa near his estate, and he took her in and cared for her as she healed. When she fully recovered, she chose to stay despite his cursed form. Nivellen knew she was responsible for attacking a nearby village, killing everyone there, but as Vereena also chose to overlook what he did to the priestess, they eventually fell in love. In turn, Nivellen hoped allowing her to feed off of him would help Vereena control her bloodlust and not attack others.
About 13 years later since he first met Geralt, Geralt arrived at the estate with Ciri in tow. Initially Nivellen attacked but quickly introduced himself as Geralt didn't know his friend had been cursed. With that, Nivellen welcomed the two into his estate that he was able to control by magic to do his bidding. However, as he entertained his guests, he had Vereena hide herself as he knew Geralt would try to kill her. When his cursed form was brought up, he only told them he'd ransacked a temple, leaving out how he'd raped the priestess as well.
Later that evening, Geralt confronts Vereena, having figured out that she was a bruxa. When Vereena tried to get the upper hand and got ahold of Ciri, threatening to kill her if Geralt didn't leave, Nivellen appeared behind them, impaling Vereena with a long pole, though she doesn't die immediately. She instead twists her body around and pulls herself along the pole as she reaffirms that she loves Nivellen, claiming that if she can't have him no one will. She then almost kills Nivellen but Geralt beheads her just before she can, splattering her blood over Nivellen, incidentally curing him. He then realizes the only way to lift the curse was by the blood of the one he loved.
However, Nivellen is still saddened at losing Vereena and finally tells the complete truth to Geralt and Ciri: he knew what Vereena had done and hoped her feeding off of him would help her control her killing sprees, but it didn't. However, as she overlooked him raping the priestess, the two found kindred spirits in eachother and fell in love. He then begs Ciri to not go, but disgusted by what he did, she and Geralt turn to leave Nivellen. He cries out asking Geralt to at least kill him to end his suffering at losing Vereena but Geralt refuses, noting as he's mortal again, Nivellen can do it himself now. Geralt and Ciri then leave Nivellen to decide his own fate.

</doc>
<doc id="118827" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118827" title="Ermen">
Ermen

Ermen is a town in Cintra, close to Hochebuz.

</doc>
<doc id="118828" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118828" title="Liam Coronata">
Liam Coronata



</doc>
<doc id="118829" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118829" title="Family">
Family

"Family" is the eighth episode of season 2 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"Geralt faces off with a demon targeting his nearest and dearest while the most powerful players on the Continent ramp up their pursuit of Ciri."
Summary.
Ciri awakens in some kind of dream. Mousesack warns her that the knighting ceremony started 20 minutes, and her grandmother has her dance card full. Ciri is in disbelief that Mousesack stands before her and tries to touch his face. Meanwhile, Ciri's body is being controlled by the Deathless Mother.
Geralt and Yennefer arrive at Kaer Morhen, where she explains that Voleth Meir came to her as a little girl. She feeds on pain, but she's more specific than that. She finds your weakness, the gaping wound in your heart, the thing that makes you feel hopeless, and she plunges her finger into it, and makes it hurt so badly you'll do anything to make it stop, like sacrifice a child, but Yennefer didn't go through with it, as she now understands how special Ciri is. She radiates the spark that Yennefer used to feel when she used her Chaos.
Voleth Meir goes room to room and slaughters multiple witchers in their sleep with the very same blade she used years before. The Deathless Mother reaches Vesemir's room and intends to slit his throat, too, but Geralt and Yennefer arrive. She pretends to be Ciri, but Geralt sees through her ruse, and she slices his face before running off.
Lambert blames Ciri for killing their brothers, but Coen reminds him that Voleth Meir isn't Ciri. After learning that she also killed Merek, Vesemir drinks an elixir and hunts her down, but Geralt tells him that his fight isn't with Ciri. Geralt reminds him that witchers don't kill out of fear, they kill to save lives. Spilling Ciri's blood won't bring anyone back. She can be saved, Geralt assures him, but he'll need Vesemir's help to do it.
Yennefer awakens Jaskier from his sleep and informs him that Ciri has been possessed.
Dara comes forward and reveals to Francesca and Filavandrel that he's been working for Redania and that they're after Ciri. He believes that their baby was killed because they befriend Nilfgaard, but Francesca believes it's just because they're elves. Dara apologizes for his hand in it all, but Francesca doesn't fault him for her misfortune. She then tells him to gather some horses.
Yennefer and Jaskier go to the lab, where she attempts to make a potion that will remove Voleth Meir from Ciri without killing her. Fortunately, she finds active jasper, which is a provider of warmth, energy, and balance. Yennefer pulled Ciri into this mess and will do anything she can to get her out of it. She tells Jaskier to give Geralt the jasper, as it helps turn wrongs into rights.
Back in her dream world, Ciri is escorted into the throne room by Mousesack and taken to sit alongside her grandmother. Ciri is a bit overwhelmed and takes a seat next to Calanthe, who Ciri pulls in for a hug. Martin approaches, and Ciri accepts his invitation to dance, much to Calanthe's surprise.
Fringilla informs Cahir that Francesca and Filavandrel are gone with some of the elves to avenge their child and stage an attack on Redania. Cahir questions why Francesca is so important to her, realizing she's the key to Fringilla's plan to show the White Flame that she's a valuable leader. Cahir proposes that they lie to the White Flame and inform him that they killed the elven child and blamed Redania in order to gain the elves' allegiance.
Lambert, Coen, and the remaining witchers drink their elixirs and search for Ciri, room to room.
Geralt finds Voleth Meir in the cafeteria, standing before the medallion tree. Before long, so do the remaining witchers. Geralt offers up himself in exchange for Ciri, but Voleth Meir doesn't desire him. The Deathless Mother unleashes a scream so loud that it cracks the medallion tree open and unveils the monolith hiding inside. She then shatters the monolith and sends the fragments flying in the direction of the witchers before opening a portal for two basilisks to exit, forcing the witchers to defend their home, whilst Vesemir and Yrden trap Geralt and Voleth Meir inside a barrier together. Voleth Meir explains that Ciri is the future before going in on the attack on Geralt, who attempts to get through to Ciri but fails. In the battle with basilisks, at least two witchers are killed. Filled with rage, Vesemir tries to kill Ciri, but Geralt defends her.
Meanwhile, Ciri is happily dancing in her dream world. Mousesack joins her for a dance and informs her that if she were to marry Martin, they'd forge quite the exceptional bloodline. Speaking of bloodlines, Ciri asks to know more about her own, and Mousesack promises that he'll share with her some day soon. Ciri then begins to hear Geralt's voice, which momentarily disrupts the dream. Just as Ciri begins to question too much, Pavetta and Duny arrive.
Francesca has led a small army into Redania. Accompanied by Filavandrel, Gage, and Dara, she slaughters all the Redanian babies in her path.
Another basilisk exits the portal and charges for Geralt, pushing him outside the cafeteria as they fight on the bridge. Geralt fortunately manages to get the upper hand and slay the beast before rushing back into the cafeteria, where Yennefer explains she made a portion to extract Voleth Meir. However, Vesemir has reached Voleth Meir and stabs her, but she heals herself within seconds. Thankfully, Lambert, Coen, and the others have managed to slay the two remaining basilisks. Geralt then realizes that it's their hate is the pain she needs to grow stronger. Geralt pleads with Ciri to hear his words and gain control.
Ciri runs into the arms of her mother and father, who tells her that they've been there the entire time, always loving her. Just like before, Ciri's dream world begins to distort at the sound of Geralt's voice. Vesemir chimes in, telling Ciri that he believes in her, as Pavetta and Duny encourage her to stay with them. While Voleth Meir struggles for control, Geralt realizes that without her hut, the Deathless Mother needs a vessel to exist within their sphere, so Ciri can't escape unless Voleth Meir has another vessel. So, Yennefer slits both her wrists open and summons Voleth Meir, which causes Ciri's dream world to disintegrate along with her family and for the Deathless Mother to be transferred to Yennefer.
When Ciri awakens, Geralt tells her that they need to trap Voleth Meir once and for all by opening a portal through the monolith and sending her through. And so, Ciri opens a portal, and she, Geralt, and Yennefer are pulled inside and taken to Voleth Meir's home world, where she is released from Yennefer and joins the ranks of the Wild Hunt as they charge towards them until Ciri pulls herself, Geralt, and Yennefer back through the portal.
Since coming back through the portal, Yennefer is healed and her Chaos has been restored, allowing her to heal Coen's wounds.
Vesemir intends to start gathering supplies so they can rebuild, but Geralt has to leave with Ciri. Between the demon and the Wild Hunt, Ciri is marked for something dark that is yet to come. And if mages and royals find out she's still alive, they'll be coming after her as well.
Tissaia reveals to the council that Ciri is alive and well, accompanied by a witcher. Tissaia recalls Dijkstra coming to Aretuza and suspects that he knew of Ciri's existence all along. Foltest suspects that that King Vizimir intends to find Ciri and marry her in order to claim Cintra. Meve notes that Ciri created far less trouble for them when she was believed to be dead, and so Tissaia and the council authorizes a bounty on Ciri and anyone protecting her.
Rience and Lydia meet with her employer to discuss their plans to find Ciri moving forward.
The elves find refuge in the woods. Gage wants to return to Xin'trea before Redania can retaliate, but Dara welcomes their attack, in the hopes of furthering their revenge, but Francesca isn't after revenge. She wants justice, recalling how when the humans first arrived, the elves welcomed them as peers, which led to a mass grave they dug themselves. Istredd is captured by the guards and reveals that Ciri is Hen Ikeir, meaning Elder blood.
Dijkstra gets word from his owl, Philippa, who transforms back into her human form, that word is out about Ciri. He then instructs her to bring him the bard, as it's about time he pay back his benefactor.
Yennefer is whole again. She felt it come back when she sacrificed herself for Ciri. Geralt doesn't forgive her, yet he wants Yennefer to join them and use her knowledge of magic to help train Ciri, as she's the only person who's helped her control her power. Geralt recalls Vilentretenmerth saying they are made for each other, destined for each other, but that nothing would come of it because destiny alone isn't sufficient. Something more is needed. Geralt believes that Ciri is that something more. He and Yennefer then join Ciri on the bridge, where she shares how tired she is of the darkness. As is Geralt, but he assures her that they'll see her along the way of her destiny. Geralt now understands what the Deathless Mother wanted from her. She's been on their Continent since the Conjunction and simply wanted to get home to her sphere. What he can't figure out is how Nilfgaard knew about Ciri before anyone else.
Emperor Emhyr, also known as the White Flame, has arrived in Cintra. Fringilla and Cahir explain that while the elves may not wear their colors, they are doing Nilfgaard's bidding, as well as pursing Ciri. He questions how they convinced the elves to fight. They did so by killing Francesca's baby and blaming Redania. However, Emhyr knows that they're lying as it was he who ordered the death of the elven baby, as it was the best path to helping him find his daughter, that being Ciri, as Emhyr is actually Duny. He then orders for Cahir and Fringilla to be taken away.

</doc>
<doc id="118834" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118834" title="Francesca Findabair/Netflix series">
Francesca Findabair/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Francesca Findabair is an elven sorceress who at one point took over as the ruler of the elves from her husband Filavandrel aén Fidháil after he failed to defeat Calanthe. She later had a dream of Ithlinne visiting her in a white robe, claiming that she'd lead the elves to Dol Blathanna, a kingdom just for the elves to rule over.
Biography.
Early Life.
As a child, Francesca liked to pick flowers with her mother. When she died, she kept one of her flowers to remember her. When the flower withered, Francesca used a spell to make it bloom until her father caught it and turned the villagers against her. She and her brother managed to defend themselves from their hateful father by having Gage hold him down and Francesca slit his throat.
Dreaming of Ithlinne.
Francesca saw no gain in keeping Yennefer and Fringilla hostage. Filavandrel believed they could be of use, but Francesca wasn't convinced, nor was she moved when Yennefer revealed she was an elf despite never having sung a song or honored their elders. Francesca reminded Filavandrel that she took command of their people and how she was often visited in her dreams by the "White Robed One." Once they found what they were looking for, she wanted Filavandrel to ship Yennefer and Fringilla's heads back to Aretuza as a reminder of elven glory.
After finding a temple with runes of the Conjunction of the Spheres inscribed along the walls, Francesca had Yennefer and Fringilla escorted to her, as they too were dreaming of robed figures. Francesca's guide in her dream was Ithlinne, whereas Fringilla's was the White Flame. Yennefer then brushed away the dust on the altar to uncover Elder speech that read: "Behold the mother of forests, the deathless mother, nesting in dreams." What remained was an incantation about a hut with no doors. And then the altar slid open and revealed a passageway, which Francesca, Fringilla, and Yennefer followed.
The trio found the doorless hut in the woods and recited the incantation, causing the hut to turn in their direction and summon them inside, where Francesca was approached by the Deathless Mother disguised as Ithlinne, who offered her a chance to rebuild the elven community through the birth of a pure elf, by forging an alliance with Fringilla and Nilfgaard.
Forging an alliance with Fringilla.
Through her alliance with Fringilla, Francesca had turned Xin'trea into a place of refuge for elves. However, Filavandrel warned her that their immigration to Xin'trea had inflamed tensions. While there was a cost for partnering with Nilfgaard, it was a cost Francesca was willing to pay.
Francesca met with Fringilla to discuss the terms of their alliance. The elves were comfortable, but Francesca wanted to know what it would cost her, almost immediately realizing that Nilfgaard needed a new army. Despite popular belief, Fringilla explained that Nilfgaard had no intentions of destroying the world, rather they intended to feed, house, and liberate those in need, and the elves just so happened to know the Continent better than any man. Before agreeing, Francesca wanted a place for her people's future to begin and needed Fringilla to promise her that.
Francesca joined Fringilla as she searched for an alternative after receiving word that guards had been boarding ships. She was making Francesca privy to this so that they could be instep together. This was a new experience for both of them, as neither had ever had a partner before. The next ship was due soon, and Francesca wanted her people to meet their liberator.
Birth of a pure blood.
Francesca and Fringilla went for a walk through the garden, where Francesca brought a dead flower back to life. Her favorite thing to do as a girl was flower picking with her mother. After she died, Francesca kept one to remember her by. One day, it started to wilt, and when she held that flower, she began to feel warm inside and the flower bloomed again. She did that spell over and over for years, until her father caught her and tried to lead the village in a crusade against her, but he failed. Her brother held their father down as she slit his throat. The village then built a statue in her honor. At Aretuza, they were taught the art of politics and persuasion, to trick others into thinking they're in control, Fringilla explained. Francesca suspected this of Fringilla's relationship with Cahir, as she was different when he came around. Moreover, Francesca told Fringilla that the time for her to put Cahir in his place had come, as he was no longer in power.
Francesca hoped that training was going well with the elves. Death was a part of life, and perhaps that was the cost of them getting their land back, Francesca concluded. Filavandrel wasn't so sure it would still happen given Cahir's return, but Francesca insisted that she was taking care of it. Filavandrel then explained that he didn't come to tell her what to do. He came to ask what she needed of him, as he'd do what whatever she asked. Francesca simply sought for him to stay by her and their child's side.
Francesca went into labor, and with Fringilla, Filavandrel, and a midwife at her side coaching her through, she gave birth to a baby girl.
Francesca and Filavandrel were discussing baby names when Fringilla confronted them about their fighters not showing up for training. However, Filavandrel and his men had a change of heart. They never intended to fight for Nilfgaard. Francesca convinced him, but she'd given him a far better reason not to fight with the birth of their child. It was time for them to rebuild and grow strong again. While they were grateful for the home Nilfgaard provided in Xin'trea, they had no intentions of dying in someone else's war. Fringilla reminded Francesca of the bargain they struck in the hut and how it was working. It could remain that way so long as their bond remained strong. While she and Fringilla were friends, Francesca cherished the bond of family more.
Francesca awakened from her sleep to discover that her baby had been murdered.
While mourning the death of her child, Francesca was overwhelmed with sadness, but also anger, which she took out on the citizens of Redania, who she suspected was responsible for the death of her baby, by slaughtering all the Redanian babies in her path.
After the massacre, the elves retreated to the woods, where Francesca explained that this attack wasn't about revenge. She sought justice, recalling how when the humans first arrived, the elves welcomed them as peers, which led to a mass grave they dug themselves. From Istredd, who was captured while spying on them, they learned that Cirilla of Cintra was alive and of Elder blood. So now Francesca and the elves joined the other groups seeking to capture her.
The Search for Ciri.
Francesca is, like the rest of the Continent, obsessed with finding Ciri. The princess of Cintra is the elves' last hope to recover Dol Blathanna. Here, he faces opposition from Gallatin, who serves as leader of the group called the Scoia'tael. At the camp, he orders Gage to go with his best men to Maribor and find the princess. The elves located Ciri in Shaerrawedd, sparking a fight among Yarpen's men. Francesca goes for Yennefer, she questions her about being an elf, but Yennefer doesn't want to listen to her and pushes her, leaving her unconscious. In the fight, Geralt kills Francesca's brother when he tried to take Ciri, she tries to help him but is taken out of the place by Filavandrel. That night he cries and sings for his deceased brother. Days later, Cahir visits Francesca and the elves, reporting that the White Flame wants to help them find Ciri and promise to give her Dol Blathanna.
Aretuza Massacre.
The elves led by Francesca, enter Aretuza with the help of the mage Vilgefortz, to claim Aretuza as their own and take the princess of the Elder Blood. The brotherhood arrives to fight and defend their home. Using arrows with dimeritium, they pierce the shield killing a dozen mages, Francesca orders Cahir to find Ciri and the conclave breaks out. Seeing so many dead mages, Tissaia becomes enraged and tries to kill Francesca by throwing a magic ball, but Filavandrel gets in the way and bursts into pieces in front of his wife, leaving her covered in blood. Fringilla arrives at the scene and compensates Francesca for fighting, she follows his words and closes the doors and makes the ring of fire fall and kill the remaining mages. Fringilla continues to convince her to continue fighting, in the midst she orders Cahir to join a search team to find Cirilla. Tissaia's life is hers. Stregobor arrives and invokes fire magic to finish them off, although they managed to escape. They arrive at the beach, and he sees that Cahir has not returned with Ciri and no one saw her.
Arrival in Nilfgaard.
After the Conclave of mages and the fall of Aretuza, Francesca and Fringilla arrive in Nilfgaard and are received by Emhyr to inform him of the destruction of Aretuza and the brotherhood, they ask to return to Cintra and give refuge to their people and they heard that Cirilla is in road to Nilfgaard. Emhyr accepts it, although he only lets the young and the old go with her, but the Scoia'tael must stay to fight.
Francesca talks to Fringilla later, while honoring those who fell in the massacre. Instead of using Ciri's power and fleeing to another sphere, she decided to accept Emhyr's deal. But Fringilla says she can't accept that because no one is safe in Nilfgaard, and ends up telling her the truth about Emhyr, he tried to manipulate her to keep her in the war after he killed her baby. Francesca was shocked when she discovered the truth behind her daughter's murder and turned against Fringilla for her deception, as well as for losing her brother and her husband as well.

</doc>
<doc id="118836" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118836" title="Rience/Netflix series">
Rience/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Rience was a mage who had been sentenced to 10 years in prison by Queen Calanthe of Cintra for crossing her.
Biography.
Freed from Prison.
Rience was serving time in a Cintran prison when the fall of Cintra and Queen Calanthe's suicide occured. Despite this, Rience's sentence was kept in place as the country was taken over by elves and Nilfgaard. During this time, he was visited by Lydia van Bredevoort with a proposal from an outside party interested in finding and capturing Ciri. He agreed and soon set out to find the lost princess.
He then proceeded to kidnap and torture the bard Jaskier for information about Geralt and Ciri's whereabouts. He uses fire magic to torture Jaskier until Yennefer arrives and rescues him. During the rescue, Rience threatens Yennefer with fire magic by holding up a finger emitting a small flame, but she spits alcohol at him, catching the flame and burning his face.
Tracking Ciri to the Temple of Melitele.
Continuing his mission to find Ciri, Rience portaled into the laboratory in Kaer Morhen, and attacked Vesemir and Triss Merigold. Rience attacked the pair with fire magic, wounding Vesemir. He stole the new witcher mutagen containing Ciri's blood that Triss had created, and then escaped through another portal. He later met with Lydia to deliver the mutagen, and asked to meet her employer. Lydia gave him a crew to retrieve Ciri from the Temple.
Yennefer later warned Geralt about Rience, referring to him as the "fire fucker". Rience and the Mitchell Brothers then appeared at the temple and attempted to capture Ciri. After Geralt intervened, Rience chased Ciri and Yennefer, using fire magic to try and melt his way into the room they were holed up in. However, after Geralt killed the brothers, he attempted to kill Rience, who managed to escape through a portal.
Rience reported back to Lydia regarding her latest failure. Even worse, he still hadn't met her employer, though Lydia only promised he'd meet him if Rience brought the girl. Hoping to push the process along, Rience agreed to allow Lydia to run tests on the vial of witcher mutagen containing Ciri's blood in hopes of convincing her employer to come. Lydia performed a blood tracing ritual, but doing so with the witcher mutagen left her horribly disfigured and scarred.
Rience and Lydia met with her employer to discuss their plans to find Ciri moving forward.
Death.
When they were leaving Aretuza, Rience attacked Ciri and Yennefer, Rience proceeded to imprison Ciri in a circle of fire and threatened to kill her if Yennefer tried anything, Yennefer just drew Geralt's sword, proceeded to throw it at Rience who dodged it, but Geralt was behind him, he grabbed the sword and decapitated Rience with a single cut, ending his life.

</doc>
<doc id="118842" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118842" title="Voleth Meir">
Voleth Meir

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Voleth Meir or Deathless Mother is a demon that feeds on pain. They generally take on the form of an elderly human woman but changes based on whom they're interacting with. In reality, she's a dark elf and part of the Wild Hunt.
Biography.
Like other monsters, demons appeared on the Continent during the Conjunction of the Spheres and the first witchers were hired to deal with Voleth Meir, who they subsequently entombed in her hut beneath an elven ruin in the North. Centuries passed and all but the witchers forgot about the locked up demon.
Despite her entombed state, Voleth Meir was able to reach out in dreams to certain individuals. When Ciri's powers revealed themselves and she brought down a monolith during the Slaughter of Cintra, this awoke the ancient demon once more who realized the princess' screams at the monoliths opened portals into the other spheres, meaning finally a way home for Voleth Meir.
The demon then began to visit the dreams of Francesca Findabair, Fringilla Vigo, and Yennefer of Vengerberg in 1264 to try and break her free. Originally appearing as a different hooded figure to each, with Francesca believing it was Ithlinne, Fringilla believing it was Emperor Emhyr var Emreis, while Yennefer's was an unknown person, she was able to get them to find her sealed off sarcophagus and recite the incantation to get inside and meet her.
Pulling each mage into a separate conversation, they all soon realized it wasn't who they thought it was but the demon offered to give them what they "deserved". Francesca and Fringilla accepted with conditions, with the elf becoming pregnant with the first pure-blood elf in years in exchange for living among humans and Fringilla given power by encouraging her to use the elves to help Nilfgaard. Yennefer however, refused to accept the offer to gain her magical powers back after losing them at the Battle of Sodden Hill and the demon antagonized her, remarking she'd keep making her hurt until Yennefer begged her to end it. With that, she then let all three go back into the world.
Despite letting them go, Voleth Meir continued to taunt Yennefer telepathically in situations where her magic would have helped her out of a situation, though Yennefer continued to resist. However, when the sorceress was finally captured by guards in Oxenfurt and was being held to wait execution, she finally recited the incantation to see the Deathless Mother and was teleported away to her hut and out of the guards' reach. The demon then told Yennefer she could have Chaos again once she found Ciri and brought her to monolith she'd toppled in Cintra. Voleth Meir still kept tabs on the others though and when she saw Fringilla feeling her control over the Nilfgaardian generals slipping, was able to convince the sorceress to murder all the conspirators except for Cahir, who she let live so he could tell Emhyr about the others conspiring against her. As Fringilla killed the rest, the demon fed on the pain and hatred.
Soon after, Yennefer managed to find and bring Ciri to the toppled monolith's location, but just as they reached it she had a change of heart on realizing how much Ciri meant to Geralt. However, in the capital city, an assassin sent by Emhyr killed Francesca's newborn daughter, causing the elf so much pain and grief that it fed Voleth Meir enough to free herself from her hut and get back out into the world without needing Ciri to go to the door.
Fighting over Ciri.
While no longer entombed, Voleth Meir still wished for a way back home and so sought out and possessed Ciri as she made her way to Kaer Morhen with Jaskier. Once in the keep's safety, Voleth Meir took hold, putting Ciri under a delusion of her past life in Cintra's court while the demon began to make its way through the keep, silently killing the sleeping witchers. However, as she went to kill Vesemir, Geralt and Yennefer appeared and Geralt realized while it was Ciri's body, Voleth Meir was possessing her. The demon ran off to the Great Hall and the surviving witchers soon found her and prepared for a fight.
However, Voleth Meir revealed a shocking revelation. Using Ciri's powers, she screamed at the medallion tree, cracking it in half to reveal a monolith had been inside it. Using this and more screams, she began to open portals and allow new versions of monsters through to attack and kill the witchers while Geralt tried to break through to Ciri. During all this, Jaskier tried to get active jasper to Geralt under Yennefer's instructions to try and free Ciri while Vesemir, desperate to stop anymore witchers from dying, tried to kill Ciri in the hopes it'd stop the demon. He eventually managed to stab her while Geralt was occupied by a monster but the demon revealed it could magically heal itself.
Seeing the jasper and connecting Voleth Meir's remarks about them all feeling so much hatred and pain, Geralt realized what Yennefer had meant and got all the witchers to stop and let go of trying to kill, removing the demon's ability to feed her powers off of them. However, the demon still refused to leave Ciri, making Geralt realize her hut that she'd embodied was burned and thus couldn't escape even if she wanted to as she needed a vessel in their sphere. Yennefer then offered herself up instead for the demon by slitting her wrists and, with Ciri having managed to awaken from the illusion, pushed Voleth Meir out and to Yennefer.
While Voleth Meir slowly took possession of her new host, Ciri used her training to teleport herself, Geralt, and Yennefer to Voleth Meir's native sphere. Finally back home, Voleth Meir left Yennefer's body and instead linked up with the Wild Hunt that was galloping through the land to get to Ciri, but Ciri managed to get her and the others back home before they could get her.

</doc>
<doc id="118850" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118850" title="Jacob Fenn/Netflix series">
Jacob Fenn/Netflix series

Fenn was part of the detective agency of Codringher and Fenn alongside Ellis Codringher.
Biography.
Cintra's Generational Weapon.
Fenn and Codringher agreed to help Istredd, who sought information regarding what a witcher, a monolith, and a mysterious girl had to do with Nilfgaard, and he was willing to pay for it. They informed him that the girl was Cirilla of Cintra, who was thought to be dead when Cintra was sacked.
From Istredd, they learned that there was a gene called "Lara" that kept showing up in Cintran genealogy records, but he'd never heard of it, and it only seemed to show up in the women. Codringher grabbed a scroll and Fenn read "And when the humans proved hostile, bringing death and destruction, multiplying and infesting their lands, the elves built a warrior to destroy them." This along with the following passage: "And when the babe was born, a field of feainnewedd sprung up. And Lara Dorren drew her last breath, crying, 'Know this. My curse will hound your descendants unto the tenth generation. Until the columns of time and space tremble and open for my people. Then my vengeance will be born again," suggested that Calanthe hid her elven bloodline because she knew that a generational weapon lurked in it.

</doc>
<doc id="118851" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118851" title="Codringher/Netflix series">
Codringher/Netflix series

Ellis Codringher was part of the detective agency of Codringher and Fenn alongside Fenn.
Biography.
The True Lineage of Cintra.
Codringher and Fenn were approached by Istredd, who sought information in regard to what a witcher, a monolith, and a mysterious girl had to do with Nilfgaard. They informed him that the girl was Cirilla of Cintra, who was thought to be dead when Cintra was invaded.
From Istredd, they learned that there was a gene called Leishardrathardlara that kept showing up in Cintran genealogy records, but he'd never heard of it before, and it only seemed to appear in women. Codringher grabbed a scroll and Fenn read "And when the humans proved hostile, bringing death and destruction, multiplying and infesting their lands, the elves built a warrior to destroy them." This along with the following: "And when the babe was born, a field of feainnewedd sprung up. And Lara Dorren drew her last breath, crying, 'Know this. My curse will hound your descendants unto the tenth generation. Until the columns of time and space tremble and open for my people. Then my vengeance will be born again," suggested that Calanthe hid her elven bloodline because she knew what lurked in it, that being a generational weapon.

</doc>
<doc id="118852" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118852" title="Ellis Codringher">
Ellis Codringher



</doc>
<doc id="118859" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118859" title="Eskel/Netflix series">
Eskel/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Eskel/Netflix series&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Eskel was a witcher of the School of the Wolf tutored and trained by Vesemir at Kaer Morhen. He was a dear friend to Geralt of Rivia.
Biography.
Early life.
Eskel arrived at Kaer Morhen as a child, at the same time as Geralt, Lambert, and Remus. The group was trained under Vesemir and underwent the Trial of the Grasses successfully, but soon after Kaer Morhen was attacked by an angry mob of both people and monsters in 1165. However, thanks to Illyana Zerbst and Geralt's snooping, the children managed to escape outside and away from the keep. Vesemir, the sole witcher to survive the massacre, soon found the tired out children and took them under his wing to care and train.
Over the years, Eskel and Geralt developed a strong friendship and considered each other brothers. At one point during their training, Eskel and Geralt had captured a huge bumblebee and tied it to a jug. Watching its antics, the two had fits of laughter until Vesemir had caught and punished them with a leather strap.
Later years.
In the winter of 1264, as Eskel made his way back to Kaer Morhen, he got into a fight with an odd leshy somewhere in Kaedwen. The fight lasted for six hours before Eskel finally got the better of the wooden beast. While he couldn't kill it, having lost all his elixirs, he did manage to cripple it and leave with its hand, though not without his own injuries from the monster.
When Eskel arrived at Kaer Morhen he greeted Geralt and the other witchers. Then, he went on to tell his tale with the leshy, but displayed suspicion about its nature. Vesemir then reminded him how a leshy is only killed by fire through the heart. It was only then that he noticed Ciri. Eskel continued to behave hostile and bullish towards Ciri as well as Geralt, contrary to his joyous nature. Later that day, Eskel brought a few prostitutes up to Kaer Morhen, violating its secrecy and status, again contrary to his nature. He continued to party with other witchers, which Geralt condemned. As he confronted them, Eskel tried to attack Geralt and was immediately subdued and sent away.
Infected by the leshy.
Unknown to Eskel, one of the injuries he'd substained was infecting him and gradually turned him into a leshy, and came out in full force, subsequently killing an accompanying prostitute. Having caused the whole keep to shake from his transformed state, all the witchers went on high alert and Geralt arrived at the laboratory to be attacked by Eskel in leshy form. Geralt started to fight the leshy, but stopped when he realized it was Eskel. Eskel then explained how he tried to fight the transformation but couldn't, and asked for Geralt's help. The leshy got a hold of Geralt, until Vesemir arrived and threw an axe to his chest, after which he backed away to the ceiling.
Geralt explained Eskel's infection to Vesemir as he cut him loose. The leshy tried to escape through the door, but Geralt rushed to trace Yrden on the doorway, only to be pushed aside. Vesemir took the opportunity to throw a hook into Eskel's leshen body to restrain him, and Geralt did the same. Vesemir approached Eskel and tried to calm him explaining he could cure him, but Eskel, overtaken by the infection, strangled Vesemir. Having no other choice to save Vesemir, Geralt gathered his will and cast the Igni on his sword to light it on fire, and drove the sword through Eskel's back in a mercy kill.
Vesemir ripped Eskel's medallion out of his lifeless, mutated body and assured Geralt of his actions. The witchers all gathered at the medallion tree to pay respects to Eskel as Vesemir placed the medallion on the tree. Later on, Geralt found Vesemir dissecting Eskel's body in the laboratory, and suggested he deserved to have his rest. The two of them carried his body to a cave to let it be devoured by wolves.

</doc>
<doc id="118872" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118872" title="Klef (Netflix series)">
Klef (Netflix series)

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Klef (Netflix series)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Klef was one of the first witchers. He was killed by a demon.

</doc>
<doc id="118873" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118873" title="Fenn (Netflix series)">
Fenn (Netflix series)



</doc>
<doc id="118893" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118893" title="Falbeson">
Falbeson



</doc>
<doc id="118895" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118895" title="Coën/Netflix series">
Coën/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Coën/Netflix series&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Coen was a witcher of the School of the Wolf alongside Geralt, Eskel, and Lambert. In 1264, he helped train Ciri after she arrived at Kaer Morhen.
Biography.
It's unclear how Coen arrived at the School of the Wolf, though he's one of the youngest witchers there. Over time, he became close pals with Lambert, with the two typically joking around and pulling pranks.
Coen had already arrived back at Kaer Morhen for the winter in 1264 when Geralt arrived late with his Law of Surprise child, Princess Cirilla. After Geralt began to train Ciri in the witcher ways and have her practice fighting against a straw dummy, Coen went along with Lambert as they picked on the princess, taunting that she wasn't fit to be a witcher before showing her the Pendulum, a dangerous obstacle course where one wrong move could seriously injure, if not kill, an ordinary person. Coen then privately asked Lambert if he was sure about letting Ciri try it out but stood off to the side as his friend noted he was just having a little fun. They then watched as the princess tried to run the Pendulum but was quickly hit by one of the moving logs.
While Lambert further antagonized Ciri as she repeatedly tried but failed to get past the moving logs, Coen tried to talk Ciri into stopping and for them to head back to the keep, but this fell on deaf ears. Eventually Ciri did make it past the swinging logs successfully, which Coen was a bit impressed with, but when she then tried to dodge the multiple rotating blades of the next obstacle, she missed and was sliced across one of her arms as she fell. Coen then silently watched as Lambert remarked to Ciri that this obviously meant Kaer Morhen was no place for a princess. However, this only proved to further fuel Ciri to try and run the Pendulum.
Coen then ran back to the keep to get Geralt, telling him he needed to come see what was happening, and led Geralt and Vesemir out to the Pendulum and where Lambert was now trying to give the princess advice on running it again as several other witchers watched on. They then watched as she almost made it to the end without being hit or knocked off, but failed to land the final jump.
Coen and Lambert greeted Triss upon her arrival at Kaer Morhen to train Ciri. The following day, the duo heckled Ciri, who entered the dining hall wearing a bright-colored shirt with a flower in her hair to match Triss. Ciri became upset and fled, which warranted a scolding from Triss.
Coen asked Triss how Vesemir was doing after he and Triss were attached in the lab. He was fine, but shaken, Triss admitted. But Lambert couldn't help but wonder what a mage needed with a witcher. Triss insisted that he was not one of her kind. Fire magic was off-limits for them. Whoever he was, he wasn't working for the Brotherhood.
Hunting Ciri.
Coen and Lambert were on the hunt after getting word from Vesemir that Ciri was possessed by Voleth Meir and that while under her control, she murdered several of their brothers as they slept. Fueled by their rage, they hunted Ciri down to the dining hall, where she unleashed a scream so powerful that it cracked the medallion tree, unveiling the monolith hidden within. A second scream then shattered the monolith and opened a portal to release two basilisks. While the witchers eventually managed to kill the beasts, they lost two more brothers in the process. Yennefer then slit her wrists and summoned Voleth Meir into her body, allowing for Ciri to regain control and portal the Deathless Mother back to her home sphere.

</doc>
<doc id="118897" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118897" title="Lambert/Netflix series">
Lambert/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Lambert/Netflix series&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Lambert was a witcher from the School of the Wolf, having been trained by Vesemir. While he was trained at the same time as Geralt and Eskel, he had a rather cynical outlook and didn't take kindly to outsiders, that is, non-witchers.
Biography.
Early life.
Lambert arrived at Kaer Morhen as a child, at the same time as Geralt, Eskel, and Remus. The group was trained under Vesemir and underwent the Trial of the Grasses successfully, but soon after Kaer Morhen was attacked by an angry mob of both people and monsters in 1165. However, thanks to Illyana Zerbst and Geralt's snooping, the children managed to escape outside and away from the keep. Vesemir, the sole witcher to survive the massacre, soon found the tired out children and took them under his wing to care and train.
Later life.
Despite his demeanor, Lambert did become close friends with Coen, another fellow witcher at the school, and the two regularly joked around and pulled pranks together.
Meeting Ciri.
Upon Geralt's return, accompanied by Ciri, Lambert told them the tale of the time a farmer hired him to kill mora until he learned from the farmer's wife that she was simply having an affair with the field hand. Later that evening, Lambert barged into Ciri's room with the whores they invited to the den and locked them inside for safety after realizing that they were under attack.
Tension had grown between Lambert and Geralt, who had killed Eskel after he got infected by a leshy, but Geralt reminded him that what he killed was no longer their brother and that bitterness wouldn't help find the leshy that did actually kill him.
With Coen at his side, Lambert decided to take his frustration out on Ciri, antagonizing and taunting her over the fact that she was practice fighting against a straw dummy, whereas real witchers trained on the Pendulum, which was an extremely dangerous obstacle course that knocked Ciri on her back multiple times, though she refused to give up and kept trying to complete the course, even as Lambert advised her to go home. Due to her determination, Lambert start to encourage and advise Ciri on how to finish the course. On her final try, she nearly cleared the course but was unable to stick the landing at the end.
Lambert and Coen greeted Triss as she arrived at Kaer Morhen to train Ciri. The following day, the duo heckled Ciri, who entered the dining hall wearing a bright-colored shirt with a flower in her hair to match Triss. Upset, Ciri, stormed off, which warranted a scolding from Triss.
After Vesemir and Triss were attached in the lab, Lambert began to wonder what a mage needed with a witcher, but Triss insisted that he was not one of her kind. Fire magic was off-limits for them. Whoever he was, he wasn't working for the Brotherhood.
Hunting Ciri.
Lambert and Coen received word from Vesemir that Ciri was possessed by Voleth Meir and while under her control, she murdered several of their brothers whilst they slept. Fueled by their rage, they hunted Ciri down and found her in the dining hall, where she unleashed a scream so powerful that it cracked the medallion tree, revealing a monolith hidden inside. She emitted yet another scream, shattering the monolith and opening a portal to release two basilisks. While the witchers eventually managed to kill the beasts, they lost two more brothers in the process. Yennefer then slit her wrists and summoned Voleth Meir into her body, allowing for Ciri to regain control and portal the Deathless Mother back to her home sphere.

</doc>
<doc id="118904" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118904" title="Lydia van Bredevoort/Netflix series">
Lydia van Bredevoort/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Lydia was an anarchic sorceress with a mysterious employer who tasked her with finding Princess Cirilla, a high priority job for which she sought assistance from Rience.
Biography.
Freeing Rience.
Lydia visited Rience in his Cintran cell of ten years to inform him of Calanthe's death. Still, his conviction lived on, though she possessed the means to free him, but only if he agreed to Lydia's proposal: his freedom in exchange for hunting down Calanthe's granddaughter.
Rience returned to Lydia with a scarred face after having failed to track down Ciri, though he didn't return empty-handed. He had a vial of Ciri's blood in his possession, which he had no intentions of giving up. However, he was willing to negotiate: the vial of blood in exchange for an opportunity to meet Lydia's employer. She didn't make any promises, though she agreed to see what she could do and then told Rience that he'd need a crew if he intended to get in and out of the Temple of Melitele with Ciri.
Scarred and Disfigured.
Rience had failed yet again to retrieve Ciri, at the cost of the Michelte brothers as well. Lydia reminded Rience that she only promised he'd meet her employer if he brought the girl. Having failed on his end, Rience agreed to allow Lydia to run tests on the vial of witcher mutagen containing Ciri's blood in hopes of convincing her employer to come. Lydia gladly performed a blood tracing ritual, but doing so with the witcher mutagen left her horribly disfigured and scarred.
Lydia and Rience met with her employer to discuss their plans to find Ciri moving forward.
Pre-disfigured.
With her jaw disfigured, Lydia uses an illusion spell to cover her wound, though this was only cosmetic and didn't fix her actual jaw, resorting to her having to communicate with others via telepathy. She later talked to Rience who decided to quit the job.
She later attended the night of the dance at Aretuza where it was revealed that Lydia's mysterious employer is the mage Vilgefortz, and who Lydia had an unrequited love for and would follow anywhere. While Vilgefortz didn't share the same feelings for her, he would give her small gifts, such as a set of earrings.
Death.
Yennefer was running through Aretuza's tunnels to help Tissaia, but Lydia was waiting for her. Both started to fight and Lydia got the upper hand by strangling Yennefer with telekinesis but before she could kill her, Triss appeared behind her and with a magical vine tied Lydia. She told them both by telepathy that they could never stop Vilgefortz and that Ciri would be his prisoner. Yennefer, fed up with listening to her, used her magic to control one of the vines and broke Lydia's neck with them, killing her.

</doc>
<doc id="118907" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118907" title="Vereena/Netflix series">
Vereena/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Vereena was a bruxa and Nivellen's secret lover.
Biography.
Vereena hid in the attic when Nivellen was visited by Geralt and Ciri. Vereena came down from the attic whilst Ciri slept, scaling down the wall and crawling over to Ciri's bedside. Ciri awakened startled, but otherwise unharmed. Vereena asked if she liked the dress she left for her and then revealed that she too was different, by telepathically communicating with Ciri, who questioned if Vereena was a monster. Vereena replied by saying that being different didn't make one a monster and that humans did monstrous things all the time. Upon realizing that Nivellen hid Vereena because he loved her, Vereena kissed Ciri's hand and told her this must be their secret until she left, causing Ciri to fall asleep.
That night, as Vereena fed on Nivellen, she was attacked by Geralt and knocked out the window, where Ciri awaited alongside Roach. Vereena explained that Geralt was wrong about her and that she didn't want to hurt Ciri, but Geralt resumed his attack until she transformed and flew away. She attempted to swoop back down for an attack, but Geralt stabbed Vereena, forcing her back to her human form. Ciri checked on an unconscious Vereena, who awakened and used this as an opportunity to holds her hostage, threatening to rip Ciri's throat out if Geralt didn't leave them alone. Nivellen intervened and stabbed Vereena with a pole. While this didn't kill her, it did allow Ciri to break loose. Vereena contorted her body and pulled herself closer to Nivellen, telling him that she loved him and that if she couldn't have him, then no one could. However, before she could kill Nivellen, Geralt beheaded Vereena. Her final words to Ciri, before burning up in flames, Vereena telepathically told her that Geralt would come for her too.

</doc>
<doc id="118909" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118909" title="Nenneke/Netflix series">
Nenneke/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Nenneke/Netflix series&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Nenneke was a priestess at the Temple of Melitele.
Biography.
Nenneke greeted Geralt when he returned to the Temple of Melitele with Ciri at his side. She embraced them both and took Ciri into her office, where they discussed her lack of control in regard to her Chaos. When Ciri mentioned the "Daughter of Chaos," Nenneke questioned where she heard that term, as that knowledge had been lost to time, and knowledge like that was usually lost for a reason, she informed Ciri before introducing her to Jarre, one of her best students, who proceeded to take Ciri to the library, to use the Orbuculum for her studies.
After a chance to speak with her, Nenneke explained to Geralt that he was screwed no matter what. Kingdoms would want her for her status. Thousands had been killed in pursuit of her already, not to mention her Elder blood. Nenneke believed that she was a Child of Destiny, and that Geralt and Ciri were a part of one another. Geralt needed to find balance, and then maybe he might stand a chance of helping her.
Nenneke discovered the bodies of the Michelte brothers in the temple. Geralt apologized for brining death to her temple, as the men were after Ciri, who he needed to find. She offered to tend to Geralt's wounds, but he insisted that she simply portal him to Oxenfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="118911" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118911" title="Sigismund Dijkstra/Netflix series">
Sigismund Dijkstra/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Sigismund Dijkstra was an advisor to King Vizimir II.
Biography.
Sending a Spy to Cintra.
Dijkstra came to King Vizimir's rescue, killing two of his advisors, who were attempting to kill him, stabbing one in the throat and poisoning the other. He then revealed to the king that the Northern Kingdoms had formed an alliance based on their mutual hatred of elves, but that was no concern of theirs. With Calanthe gone, Dijkstra believed the time had come to make a play for Cintra.
Dijkstra contemplated his next move. Perhaps their way into Cintra was by sending in an elven spy. The elf he chose just so happens to be Dara.
Meeting with the Brotherhood.
Dijkstra informed the Brotherhood that an elven baby had been born of a mage. Artorius and Stregobor saw this as a potential threat, who were already aligned with Nilfgaard. However, Tissaia and Vilgefortz didn't intend to act on unfounded prejudice and rumor. Dijkstra replied that today's gossip was next month's news. For instance, he'd heard that Triss had returned, which the council was not aware of.
King Vizimir and Dijkstra discussed their next move. Ciri would give them the rightful claim to Cintra, making Redania the most powerful kingdom on the Continent. Unfortunately, unknown variables remained at Aretuza. But even without Dara, they remained in a strong position.
In late at night, Vizimir is getting a box with a gift from Nilfgaardin inside and when he opens it, inside is his wife's head and then Dijkstra orders the guards to search for the murderer. Wizard and the Radovid are left alone. The Dijkstra admits that he is the one who killed the queen in order to make the Redania ally with the Northern Kingdoms and start the war with the empire.

</doc>
<doc id="118915" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118915" title="Vizimir II/Netflix series">
Vizimir II/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Vizimir II was the king of Redania.
Biography.
King Vizimir and the Northern Kingdoms arrived at Aretuza following the Battle of Sodden Hill, where they honored the fallen and prepared for the execution of Cahir, who was captured during battle. However, rather than cutting off his head, Yennefer cut Cahir of his chains and helped him escape.
King Vizimir was nearly poisoned and killed by two of his advisors, but Dijkstra came to his rescue, killing them both, stabbing one in the throat and poisoning the other. He then revealed to the king that the Northern Kingdoms had formed an alliance based on their mutual hatred of elves, but that was no concern of theirs. With Calanthe gone, Dijkstra believed the time had come to make a play for Cintra.
King Vizimir and Dijkstra discussed their next move. Ciri would give them the rightful claim to Cintra, making Redania the most powerful kingdom on the Continent. Unfortunately, unknown variables remained at Aretuza. But even without Dara, they remained in a strong position.
After that night Vizimir get a box with a gift form Nilfgaardin inside, he is excited, but quickly his joy turns into sorrow when he sees Hedwig head into box, he starts to cry and is escorted away.
That day he started to hate the Empire greatly.

</doc>
<doc id="118917" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118917" title="Jarre/Netflix series">
Jarre/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Jarre was a student and historian-in-training at the Temple of Melitele.
Biography.
Jarre welcomed Ciri to the Temple of Melitele and took her to the library and gave her the Orbuculum for her studies. He was not necessarily sure what it did, as he was a simple historian in training. Later that night, Jarre was attacked by Rience and the Michelet brothers. He was found bleeding on the ground by Ciri and told to find Geralt for help.

</doc>
<doc id="118920" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118920" title="Philippa Eilhart/Netflix series">
Philippa Eilhart/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Philippa Eilhart is a sorceress advisor to the Redanian monarchy but tended to work with the kingdom's spymaster, Sigismund Dijkstra, to pull the kingdom's strings.
Biography.
With the ability to morph into an owl, Philippa had been in contact with Dara, who had infiltrated Cintra as a Redanian spy. From him, she learned that Nilfgaard's mission was to find Princess Cirilla of Cintra, who Dara recalled helping escape only to lose her.
Philippa reported to Dijkstra that word was out about Ciri. With that in mind, he instructed her to bring him the bard, as it was about time he pay back his benefactor.
Months later, King Vizimir II made it clear he was losing patience waiting for Dijkstra and, by extension Philippa, to bring him Ciri and was thus going to put his rather inept, younger brother, Radovid, in charge of finding her. In reality, this meant either the sorceress or the spymaster would have to watch over the prince while they tried to find Ciri. After Dijkstra and Philippa both tried to bring up past situations to get out of who would have to watch over Radovid, Philippa reluctantly agreed but made it clear once she got back, she'd be making the calls.

</doc>
<doc id="118926" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118926" title="Sugo Carlisle">
Sugo Carlisle

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Sugo Carlisle was the son of the nobleman, Lord Carlisle, and the sole survivor when his family was attacked by an odd leshy in 1165.
Biography.
Sugo had been traveling with his father and three sisters on the way back home when they got lost in the forests around Ard Carraigh in Kaedwen. Just as they past an elven statue, one of their carriage wheels became entangled in some vines, stopping their progress. As his father tried to fix the issue, Sugo went to relieve himself as his sisters stayed in the carriage and the family questioned who was responsible for getting them lost. However, just as Lord Carlisle tried to tell his daughters everything would be fine, he was struck and killed by a vine. Sugo's sisters ran screaming and Sugo shortly after them only for him to watch helplessly as all three of his sisters were similarly snatched by vines and killed as he ran into the forest.
On entering the forest, he was suddenly grabbed and hidden behind a tree by Vesemir, who he quickly realized was a witcher. He then watched as Vesemir fought with the monster, a mutated leshy, and when he thought it was over came out to join the witcher. Vesemir was quick to point out it wasn't quite done before going over and stabbing a tree stump the leshy was hiding in and set it on fire to kill it. As he did so, the creature spoke in an odd language, causing Sugo to question Vesemir on this as he overheard Vesemir during the earlier fight remark that they couldn't talk, to which Vesemir confirmed they don't.
Sugo then went back to where his dead family and destroyed carriage were, only to watch as Vesemir collected what he should have been owed off his father's dead body. As Vesemir then made ready to leave, Sugo cried out that he was of noble blood and asked the witcher what about helping him out. However, Vesemir cold heartedly told him to practice his sad face and a passerby might give him a ride as well as get the alderman to recover his family's bodies to properly bury them. He then left Sugo by himself on the side of the road.
Sugo did manage to eventually make his way back home to Ard Carraigh where he was given an audience with King Dagread's advisor sorceress, Tetra Gilcrest and recounted all that'd happened, including being left on his own by the witcher.

</doc>
<doc id="118927" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118927" title="Luka">
Luka

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Luka was a witcher of the School of the Wolf and a friend of Vesemir and Sven.
Biography.
Luka met Vesemir and Sven as young boys at Kaer Morhen, where all three survived the gruesome trials and finally become witchers. It's Luka who mentions the boy Tomas together with the "Law of Surprise" to Vesemir, when the boys talk one cold night about how they came to the witchers. According to Luka, he was "dumped" by his people and he hardly believes that someone would join the witchers voluntarily. When the group of boys must venture into the Red Swamp for their training, monsters attack and young Luka is almost killed by one of them, but Vesemir stabs the creature and saves Luka's life.
Many years later as an adult, he returns to Kaer Morhen once more for the winter and finds Vesemir returning with a big pouch of money, while Luka complains that he didn't earn enough. They then joke around some with Sven, who had picked up and brought to the keep the newest group of boys to be trained and put through the trials.
Later on during the Trial of the Grasses, Vesemir gets bored and proposes they head out to a tavern for some fun. Luka joins him and the two head out and entertain some women about their tales. However, a couple knights overhear the witchers and begin to provoke the two. The provocation escalates when the knights draw weapons and Vesemir and Luka kill the knights. Despite it being self-defense, Luka and Vesemir are imprisoned. While the sorceress Tetra Gilcrest tries to convince King Dagread that this incident is enough reason to execute them, Illyana Zerbst is able to negotiate a different deal with the king.
Illyana then meets Vesemir again with the offer of the King's amnesty: if Vesemir frees Ard Carraigh's forests from the mysterious bloodthirsty creature, he'll let the two witchers go. Meanwhile Luka will stay under Lady Zerbst's protection.
However, unbeknownst to Luka, Deglan had been working in secret with Reidrich in creating new mutated creatures. Falsely believing all the witchers knew about these experiments, Dagread had Luka executed despite Illyana's protests.

</doc>
<doc id="118929" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118929" title="Sven (Netflix series)">
Sven (Netflix series)

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Sven was a witcher of the School of the Wolf and a friend of Vesemir and Luka.
Biography.
Sven was among the group of young boys in the fortress when young Vesemir followed Deglan. They went through the trials together and Sven almost lost his life when they had to venture through the Red Swamp with nothing on them but their medallions. Sven lost his left arm during the monster attack in the swamp.
Many years later as an adult, he returns to Kaer Morhen one winter with a group of young boys and has friendly banter with his friends Vesemir and Luka, with the latter poking fun at Sven's short height.
During the sacking of Kaer Morhen, while he fought valiantly, he was eventually killed by basilisks.

</doc>
<doc id="118930" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118930" title="Gynvael">
Gynvael

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Gynvael&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.91 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Gynvael&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Gynvael is a silver sword in "".
It can only be found at guarded treasures or as random loot inside caves in Velen and Skellige.

</doc>
<doc id="118937" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118937" title="Chernobog">
Chernobog

Chernobog is an otherworldly creature not from the Conjunction of the Spheres but came to be from the stellacite of the Cintran monolith after it'd been cracked and awakened by Ciri's screams.

</doc>
<doc id="118938" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118938" title="Monolith (Netflix series)">
Monolith (Netflix series)

Monoliths are tall, black stone-like structures found throughout the Continent. They are made of an unusual substance called stellacite that's so hard, it takes a generation to even put a dent in it.
It's later revealed that Ciri's powers can topple and shatter these monoliths, revealing they're portals into other realms. Her screams can also call forth entirely new monsters like the chernobog, an unusual leshy, and a myriapod.
Many centuries ago, Balor tried to obtain more power using such a monolith and to harness Chaos. He was stopped by Zacaré and Syndril, with the latter sacrificing himself to end Balor. However, as the mages were near a monolith and using power from it, the resulting explosion brought forth the Conjunction of the Spheres.

</doc>
<doc id="118941" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118941" title="Myriapod">
Myriapod



</doc>
<doc id="118979" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118979" title="Henselt/Netflix series">
Henselt/Netflix series

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Henselt/Netflix series&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Henselt was the king of Kaedwen.
Biography.
Battle of Sodden.
When the Nilfgaardian army sets out to cross the Yaruga at Sodden, Tissaia asks Kings Henselt and Foltest for support. However, the Kaedwenian and Temerian troops only arrive when the battle is already in full swing, so the 22 mages in Tissaia's group initially have to manage the defense alone. The northern troops defeat the remaining Nilfgaardians, but Henselt's army is decimated by 5,000 men.
After the battle, Henselt and several other northern kings are invited to a memorial service in honor of the fallen. The Brotherhood of Sorcerer plans to have the sorceress Yennefer execute the prisoner of war Cahir in front of the monarchs. Henselt watches as Yennefer helps the Nilfgaardian escape.
Meeting of Kings.
Tissaia gathers kings Henselt, Foltest, Meve, Ethain and Demawend to inform them that the princess of Cintra, Ciri is alive.

</doc>
<doc id="118981" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118981" title="Meve/Netflix series">
Meve/Netflix series

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Meve/Netflix series&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Meve was the queen of Lyria.
Biography.
Meve is the daughter of the King of the Lyria Kingdom and Kalis, although her father not see her as a possible heir to the throne and hoped in vain to have a son until the end. After her death, the government of Lyria fell into the rightful hands of Meve and her husband. After her husband's death, Meve became the sole ruler and ruled the kingdom strictly but sensibly.
Meve is present at a memorial service organized by the Brotherhood to honor those who died in the Battle of Sodden. Along with the other kings Foltest, Wisimir, Henselt, Ethain, and Demawend, Meve watches as the sorceress Yennefer must execute the prisoner of war Cahir, but instead helps him escape.
Tissaia de Vries informs Meve, Foltest, Henselt, Ethain and Demawend that Princess Cirilla of Cintra is alive.

</doc>
<doc id="118990" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118990" title="Red Swamp">
Red Swamp

The Red Swamp is a treacherous swamp located south of Kaer Morhen. It's home to a variety of monsters including ghouls, wraiths, krallachs, and basilisks.
History.
Due to its close proximity to the School of the Wolf and being a nesting ground for all sorts of creatures, the place is used as part of the school's witcher trials to weed out the boys who'll then be put through the mutations. Notably, in 1108, Vesemir, Luka, Sven, Tomas, and the rest of the boys that were being trained at the time were sent here, with Tomas and many others being killed in the process. Sven survived but lost his left arm and Luka was almost killed by a ghoul but Vesemir managed to kill it, claiming his first monster kill. Vesemir was then chased by krallachs and fell off a cliff but survived due to luck.
In 1165 Tetra Gilcrest, wishing to find a way to wipe the witcher school and witchers from existence, lied to Kitsu and made the mutated elf believe Vesemir had destroyed her home and killed her "child". In turn, Kitsu used her unnatural powers to control monsters to seek out revenge by going to the Red Swamp and sending the monsters through portals Tetra opened up at Kaer Morhen.

</doc>
<doc id="118993" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118993" title="Mahr">
Mahr

Mahr is a demon that feeds on its host's madness. To further feed itself, it'll cause the host discomfort and mental delusions to drive them further insane.
A mahr is a fox-like gremlin with six legs like that of a spider. As they tend to possess hosts, a mahr's physical appearance is almost never seen unless exorcised from the host. However, as this possession requires magic, using magical disruptive elements, like silver or meteorite, can force it out of the host, thus making the demon vulnerable to most attacks.
One such being possessed the Wenck noblewoman in 1107 and was exorcised by Deglan when he ran into two of her child servants, Vesemir and Illyana, with blue gum and recognized the signs of a mahr.

</doc>
<doc id="118994" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118994" title="Tomas (disambiguation)">
Tomas (disambiguation)

This is a disambiguation page — a navigational aid which lists other pages that might otherwise share the same title. If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article.
Tomas may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="118996" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=118996" title="Tomas (Netflix series)">
Tomas (Netflix series)

Tomas (d. 1108) was a young boy who, in 1107, was brought to Kaer Morhen as a Law of Surprise child to be trained as a witcher.
Biography.
Not much is known about Tomas' early life, other than like many other young boys brought to Kaer Morhen, he was promised to the witchers due to the Law of Surprise. He arrived at the School of the Wolf at the same time as Vesemir, Luka, and Sven, but was scared of Trial of the Grasses, where they'd be put through mutations. Vesemir tried to console him one night, telling Tomas they'd be ok. However, shortly after this, the boys were put through another trial: placed in the Red Swamp with just each other, their medallions, and wits to survive the monster filled region. As Tomas tried to run, he was unfortunately snatched by a ghoul and killed.

</doc>
<doc id="119000" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119000" title="Herbalist (Coronata)">
Herbalist (Coronata)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Herbalist (Coronata)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This herbalist in Coronata Vineyard will only show up after being rescued during .

</doc>
<doc id="119001" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119001" title="Herbalist (Coronata)/Store">
Herbalist (Coronata)/Store

&lt;tabber&gt;
Alchemy = 
&lt;/tabber&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="119007" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119007" title="Merchant (Scoia'tael Crossroads)">
Merchant (Scoia'tael Crossroads)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Merchant (Scoia'tael Crossroads)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Cerbin is an elf captured by some humans east of the Crossroads.
After freeing him, he walks to an unmarked Scoia'tael camp. Starting where you freed him, walking south, you'll hit the road, don't follow it. Cross it and the camp should be on the other side. The merchant marker should show when you get close.
It is advisable to take the time and escort the merchant through the woods until he reaches his camp, as he can get stuck between some wolves on the way. Unlike with other persons in distress, meditating immediately after his release doesn't seem to fix the issue, but he also makes good on his promise for a reward and yields 150 and 50 once talked to at the camp.

</doc>
<doc id="119008" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119008" title="Merchant (Scoia'tael Crossroads)/Store">
Merchant (Scoia'tael Crossroads)/Store

"Note:" Listed prices are without a possible 10% discount, which can be earned by completing the main quest The Play's the Thing with all correct lines from the script. The discount applies to both buy and sell prices, but the value is rounded up when buying and rounded down when selling.

</doc>
<doc id="119019" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119019" title="Deathless mother">
Deathless mother



</doc>
<doc id="119052" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119052" title="Padlock key">
Padlock key

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Padlock key&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;2 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;sq201_padlock_key&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Padlock key is a quest item in "".
It's found alongside old skeleton remains in the flooded cave under Morkvarg's lair at Freya's Garden. It unlocks the two doors to the inside garden area, as well as the two rooms inside the house near the sacred tree there.

</doc>
<doc id="119074" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119074" title="Ammunition">
Ammunition



</doc>
<doc id="119078" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119078" title="Lara Dorren/Netflix series">
Lara Dorren/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Lara Dorren/Netflix series&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Lara Dorren was an elf, created and trained as a warrior, she was destined to right the wrongs and ensure the future of the elves, destroying the humans. However, she instead fell in love with a human, marring the elves' plans to take back the world through her bloodline. Their lineage continued through Calanthe, Pavetta and Ciri.
Biography.
Not much is known about Lara's past, though after the Conjunction of the Spheres and arrival of the humans, Lara was "created" by elven mages to act as a "weapon" against human tyranny via the Elder Blood in her veins and destroy them. However, she instead fell in love with a human and their union and resulting child put an end to Ithlinne's prophecy.
She was later chased to her death though her child managed to survive in her arms. Lara then cursed the Continent with her last words crying, "My curse will hound my descendants unto the tenth generation. Until the columns of time and space tremble and open for my people. Then my vengeance will be born again" before dying in a field of feainnewedd.
Lara Dorren appeared in Ciri's consciousness. Ciri saw her singing to her baby and telling her story. Lara was dying from her injuries and when Triss tried to help her, she grabbed her by the neck and told Ciri about the Elder Blood and the Daughter of Chaos.

</doc>
<doc id="119079" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119079" title="Merchant (Coast of Wrecks)">
Merchant (Coast of Wrecks)

 &lt;ns&gt;0&lt;/ns&gt;
 &lt;revision&gt;
 &lt;parentid&gt;594699&lt;/parentid&gt;
 &lt;timestamp&gt;2023-12-05T06:11:40Z&lt;/timestamp&gt;
 &lt;contributor&gt;
 &lt;username&gt;Witcher Bot&lt;/username&gt;
 &lt;/contributor&gt;
 &lt;minor/&gt;
 &lt;comment&gt;/* top */clean up&lt;/comment&gt;
 &lt;origin&gt;604445&lt;/origin&gt;
 &lt;model&gt;wikitext&lt;/model&gt;
 &lt;format&gt;text/x-wiki&lt;/format&gt;
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Merchant (Coast of Wrecks)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This merchant appears some time after Coast of Wrecks is cleared of pirates. He sells the same things as a generic Velen armorer - lesser glyphs, , crafting components and some armors.

</doc>
<doc id="119084" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119084" title="Merchant (Coast of Wrecks)/Store">
Merchant (Coast of Wrecks)/Store



</doc>
<doc id="119085" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119085" title="Herbalist (Hangman's Alley)">
Herbalist (Hangman's Alley)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Herbalist (Hangman's Alley)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This herbalist appears at the fisherman's hut on the northern coast of Spitfire Bluff, west-northwest of Hangman's Alley, after the site is liberated from pirates. He sells alchemy ingredients and a few formulae.

</doc>
<doc id="119086" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119086" title="Herbalist (Hangman's Alley)/Store">
Herbalist (Hangman's Alley)/Store



</doc>
<doc id="119087" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119087" title="Merchant (Mire Landing)">
Merchant (Mire Landing)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Merchant (Mire Landing)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This merchant arrives in Mire Landing (also known as Cestersover) after the village is cleared of bandits. Like other merchants in liberated abandoned sites in Velen, his appearance may change and sells the same things as wandering merchants.

</doc>
<doc id="119088" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119088" title="Merchant (Mire Landing)/Store">
Merchant (Mire Landing)/Store



</doc>
<doc id="119092" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119092" title="Herbalist (Olena's Grove)">
Herbalist (Olena's Grove)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Herbalist (Olena's Grove)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This herbalist can be found at Olena's Grove once the area is liberated and will sell a number of ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="119093" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119093" title="Herbalist (Olena's Grove)/Store">
Herbalist (Olena's Grove)/Store

"Note:" Listed prices are without a possible 10% discount, which can be earned by fully completing the secondary quest Forefathers' Eve, siding with the Pellar against the witch hunters. The discount applies to both buy and sell prices, but the value is rounded up when buying and rounded down when selling.
&lt;tabber&gt;
Other = 
&lt;/tabber&gt;
&lt;includeonly&gt;
&lt;section begin="othertable"/&gt;
&lt;section end="othertable"/&gt;
&lt;section begin="alchemytable"/&gt;
&lt;section end="alchemytable"/&gt;
&lt;section begin="recipestable"/&gt;
&lt;section end="recipestable"/&gt;
&lt;/includeonly&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="119094" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119094" title="Merchant (Bald Mountain)">
Merchant (Bald Mountain)

There are two merchants who appear near Bald Mountain (location) once the main quest Bald Mountain begins.
Merchant (village).
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Merchant (Bald Mountain)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This Merchant is in the little village where Geralt and Ciri are invited to sit and talk with Stregomir. He remains there even after the quest is completed, and sells a few alchemy ingredients and crafting components.
Merchant (bonfire).
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Merchant (Bald Mountain)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This Merchant appears near the bonfire above the little village, standing on the opposite side of Thecla's tent. He sells the same items as wandering merchants, and will leave after the quest completes.

</doc>
<doc id="119095" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119095" title="Merchant (Bald Mountain)/Store">
Merchant (Bald Mountain)/Store

"Note:" Listed prices are without a possible 10% discount, which can be earned by fully completing the secondary quest Forefathers' Eve, siding with the Pellar against the witch hunters. The discount applies to both buy and sell prices, but the value is rounded up when buying and rounded down when selling.
&lt;tabber&gt;
Merchant (village) = 
&lt;/tabber&gt;
&lt;includeonly&gt;
&lt;section begin="villagetable"/&gt;
&lt;section end="villagetable"/&gt;
&lt;/includeonly&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="119101" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119101" title="Herbalist (Barrengarth)">
Herbalist (Barrengarth)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Herbalist (Barrengarth)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This herbalist in Barrengarth appears once the area is liberated and will sell a number of ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="119102" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119102" title="Herbalist (Barrengarth)/Store">
Herbalist (Barrengarth)/Store



</doc>
<doc id="119104" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119104" title="Merchant (fishing village)">
Merchant (fishing village)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Merchant (fishing village)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This merchant appears after the small fishing village on the coast east of Stonecutters' Settlement is cleared of drowners. Like many other merchants at liberated abandoned sites, he sells the same things as wandering merchants and his appearance is allowed to change between visits.

</doc>
<doc id="119105" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119105" title="Merchant (fishing village)/Store">
Merchant (fishing village)/Store



</doc>
<doc id="119107" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119107" title="Merchant (Drummond sawmill)">
Merchant (Drummond sawmill)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Merchant (Drummond sawmill)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This merchant appears at Clan Drummond's sawmill south of Sund, if the site is liberated. He sits inside the single stone hut there and is an exact clone of the roadside camp merchant south of Kaer Trolde Harbor, selling Skellige location maps and a small selection of other items.

</doc>
<doc id="119108" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119108" title="Merchant (Drummond sawmill)/Store">
Merchant (Drummond sawmill)/Store



</doc>
<doc id="119110" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119110" title="Herbalist (Ruined Inn)">
Herbalist (Ruined Inn)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Herbalist (Ruined Inn)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This herbalist appears at the Ruined Inn once the abandoned site there is cleared. He is effectively a clone of the herbalist at the Druids' Camp, selling the same things.

</doc>
<doc id="119111" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119111" title="Herbalist (Ruined Inn)/Store">
Herbalist (Ruined Inn)/Store

"Note:" Listed prices are without a possible 10% discount, which can be earned by accepting glory for slaying the ice giant at the end of the secondary quest The Lord of Undvik. The discount applies to both buy and sell prices, but the value is rounded up when buying and rounded down when selling.
&lt;tabber&gt;
Other = 
&lt;/tabber&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="119113" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119113" title="Herbalist (Druids' Camp)">
Herbalist (Druids' Camp)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Herbalist (Druids' Camp)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;This herbalist is found at the Druids' Camp. He will sell a number of ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="119114" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119114" title="Herbalist (Druids' Camp)/Store">
Herbalist (Druids' Camp)/Store

"Note:" Listed prices are without a possible 10% discount, which can be earned by accepting glory for slaying the ice giant at the end of the secondary quest The Lord of Undvik. The discount applies to both buy and sell prices, but the value is rounded up when buying and rounded down when selling.
&lt;tabber&gt;
Other = 
&lt;/tabber&gt;
&lt;includeonly&gt;
&lt;section begin="othertable"/&gt;
&lt;section end="othertable"/&gt;
&lt;section begin="alchemytable"/&gt;
&lt;section end="alchemytable"/&gt;
&lt;section begin="recipestable"/&gt;
&lt;section end="recipestable"/&gt;
&lt;/includeonly&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="119116" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119116" title="Zoltan Chivay/Store">
Zoltan Chivay/Store

"Note:" Listed prices are without a possible 10% discount, which can be earned by fully completing the secondary quest Forefathers' Eve, siding with the Pellar against the witch hunters. The discount applies to both buy and sell prices, but the value is rounded up when buying and rounded down when selling.
Not all items will always be offered. It's a bit more complicated, but in oversimplified terms - only 21-27 weapons, runestones and diagrams may be shown at a time.
&lt;tabber&gt;
Other = 
&lt;/tabber&gt;
&lt;includeonly&gt;
&lt;section begin="othertable"/&gt;
&lt;section end="othertable"/&gt;
&lt;/includeonly&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="119117" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119117" title="Spoon made of pure gold">
Spoon made of pure gold

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Spoon made of pure gold&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;500 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;poi_car_a_07_spoon&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Spoon made of pure gold is a unique item in the "Blood and Wine" expansion. It is found in the Foglet guarded treasure slightly northwest of Trastamara Hunting Cottage. There is a bloody corpse (likely Smigole himself) next to a chest, and inside the chest is the spoon and Smigole Serkis' notes which tells the story of the spoon.

</doc>
<doc id="119122" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119122" title="Herbalist (Hortense Vineyard)">
Herbalist (Hortense Vineyard)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Herbalist (Hortense Vineyard)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This herbalist is located at Hortense Vineyard in Toussaint after clearing the abandoned site and sells alchemy ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="119123" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119123" title="Herbalist (Hortense Vineyard)/Store">
Herbalist (Hortense Vineyard)/Store

&lt;tabber&gt;
Alchemy = 
&lt;/tabber&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="119209" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119209" title="In the Barracks">
In the Barracks

In the Barracks is a standard battle in "".
Entry.
"Meve had witnessed the living conditions of many barracks. They typical smelled of boiled cabbage, sweaty foot rags, and cheap hooch. Nilfgaardian barracks, however proved of a different sort. Cleanliness and tidiness were highly valued. Meve watched with satisfaction a her soldier's filthy, mud-caked boots tracked across their immaculate, polished floors..."

</doc>
<doc id="119210" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119210" title="Felling Blows">
Felling Blows

Felling Blows is a standard battle in "".
Entry.
"The lumberjack trade is not a safe one. First of all, unfortunate accidents are an unfortunate expectation. Second, the sound of axe striking trunk echoes a great distance. Beasts, it turns out, have sensitive hearing... And insatiable appetites."

</doc>
<doc id="119211" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119211" title="The Guardian of Ruewode">
The Guardian of Ruewode

The Guardian of Ruewode is a Shortened Battle in "".
Entry.
"The monster encountered by the Lyrians in Ruewode is known to the simple folk as a "leshen". They believe it defends against those who too greedily harvest nature's bounty, Of course, the scholars of Oxenfurt argue this is nonsense, and that a leshen, or rather Silvanus Agilis, is simply one of the many post-Conjunction beings. In truth, it did not matter to Meve who was right..."

</doc>
<doc id="119212" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119212" title="Hare Caverns">
Hare Caverns

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
Hare Caverns is a battle in "".
Entry.
"Meve's unit was situated near a deep cave known by the locals as Hare Caverns. Perhaps the harmless rodents truly lived there once. In any cause, another beast now calls the cave home, a beast who prefers a slab of beef atop his bed of lettuce and carrots..."

</doc>
<doc id="119213" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119213" title="The Siege of Gradobor">
The Siege of Gradobor

The Siege of Gradobor is a battle in "".
Entry.
"Meve instructed Reynard to personally command the catapults and ballistae during the siege. After all, they were attacking their own city. Any missile off its mark would fall upon the head of the queen's own subjects - and they have suffered enough in this war."

</doc>
<doc id="119214" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119214" title="A New Order">
A New Order

A New Order is a standard battle in "".
Entry.
"The vast majority of Rivians greeted the return of their queen with joy and relief. But not all.. Some quickly adapted to the new order. They stood ready to defend it, fighting side by side with the invaders, prepared to kill their fellow countrymen..."

</doc>
<doc id="119215" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119215" title="Nilfgaardian Outpost">
Nilfgaardian Outpost

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
Nilfgaardian Outpost is a standard battle in "".
Entry.
"Upon noticing Meve's approach, a Nilfgaardian sentry sounded his horn. Before his tune was finished, however, he was silenced by a Lyrian arrow. The guard, covered in blood, slumped to the ground - lifeless. The battle's first victim had been claimed."

</doc>
<doc id="119217" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119217" title="Frolics and Revels">
Frolics and Revels

Frolics and Revels is a standard battle in "".
Entry.
"Nilfgaardians, too, enjoy merrymaking - to dance, sing, and drink. The Blackclads who indulged in these amusements at the roadside inn, "The Fox Tail," had not expected other guests would join them..."

</doc>
<doc id="119221" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119221" title="The Troll Gourmand">
The Troll Gourmand

The Troll Gourmand is a standard battle in "".
Entry.
"In one of Rivia's many caverns dwells a blind troll known to the locals as Sniff-Sniff. He is often seen along the roadsides, where he greets weary travelers and warmly invites them to his cave for soup. On occasion, utterly drained from hunger, some actually accept the offer and follow the troll to his home. They soon realize, however, that they'll not enjoy a single slurp of his soup, but rather become a key ingredient in it..."

</doc>
<doc id="119348" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119348" title="Galanthea">
Galanthea

...life sometimes leaves you with no good choices. No clear avenue towards respite. But a choice must always be made, and the consequences faced, whatever they may be. You'll do well to remember this, witcher: consequences, if shunned, are wont to accrue. And in the end, the piper must always be paid, one way or another.- Galanthea to Madoc, 
Galanthea, otherwise known by her stage name Snowdrop, was minstrel, bard, and associate of the infamous mage Alzur.
Biography.
Journeys on the path.
Galanthea used to travel with a group of fellow artisans, actors, and bards, roaming the countryside estates, taverns, brothels⁠, performing for whoever had enough coin for entertainment. One morning, after a drunken party the night before, the group was enveloped in a deep fog. From the mist, a horde of sirens attacked the caravan.
Galanthea quickly hide underneath a wagon, where she could only listen as everyone she had ever known was slaughtered by the sirens. One of the creatures came close to discovering her hiding place, but was driven away by lightning cast by Alzur. He then proceeded to kill the remaining members of the swarm, much to her relief.
Cursed.
Galanthea would somehow later come to be cursed to only speak in songs, rhymes, and ballads. At first, she viewed this as a blessing as the curse uplifted her, "middling melodies into enchanting chansons." However, she quickly discovered that if she said anything, Galanthea would sprout a song or poem to accompany it. After a particularly embarrassing incident involving her asking where the bathroom was at a funeral, Galanthea resolved to find a cure to her curse.
While searching for someone that could cure her, Galanthea stumbled across a town hosting the infamous Vigilante group, an organization known for thier witch hunts. There she witnessed the events that lead to the capture and burning of the local ¨witch¨. Galanthea reported her experiences to a traveling dwimveandra, Alissa Henson who was seeking to find the source of recent anti-mage prejudice. After traveling together for a day, they went thier separate ways with Galanthea giving that leader of the group's name; Hale. 
After months of travel, she again came across Alzur staying at the same inn as her. She begged him to help find a cure, but the mage promptly refused stating, "let some other poor wretch waste his time on curious cases of delusion".However Galanthea wouldn't give up so easily and after three days of non-stop ballads, lullabies, poems Alzur finally relented, promising to help her if she vowed to keep her mouth shut.
Alzur's medallion.
While Galanthea and Alzur traveled to the town where she was cursed, they often slept at inns and taverns along the way. On one of such stops, Galanthea decided to look through Alzur's things while the mage was out drinking. Among his belongings was a lily medallion, which she slung around her neck right as Alzur came back.

</doc>
<doc id="119349" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119349" title="Madoc">
Madoc

Madoc was a witcher from the Order of Witchers and one of the first to survive the mutation process.
Biography.
As a child, Madoc was either taken from the streets or sold by his parents to the mage Alzur, who brought him to Morgraig to undergo training as a witcher. The mages, including Alzur, Cosimo Malaspina, and Idarran of Ulivo, treated Madoc and the other children coldly, only showing emotion during visits from the nobles or kings who funded the creation of witchers. Despite the hardships, Madoc formed bonds with the other children, but many of them perished due to the mutations and trials they were subjected to. Madoc and the surviving children were often left to bury their dead friends themselves. Despite the immense challenges, Madoc endured and became one of the first witchers.
Madoc's time at the Order of Witchers was brief, as he left the order and Alzur behind, consumed by bitterness, resentment, and guilt over surviving when so many others had not. He eventually found work as a bodyguard for a merchant traveling from Vizima to Maribor.
The merchant traveled as part of a group consisting of two dwarves, a soldier, a Halfling, and the retired bard Galanthea. One night, while the group made camp, Galanthea began telling the story of how she met Alzur and how he had saved her. Madoc, skeptical that Alzur would do anything out of kindness, only grunted or spat when addressed by the others. When the topic of witchers came up, he feigned ignorance before going on a patrol of the area. During the night, the camp was attacked by a Wererat, which killed the merchant and one of the dwarves. Madoc engaged the monster as it charged toward Galanthea. He managed to bring the creature to its knees, but it grabbed him by the throat as it quickly regenerated. Acting swiftly, Madoc cast Igni at the wererat, melting its head, and then dropped a bomb at the creature's feet, killing it.
As the caravan resumed its journey, Madoc spoke with Galanthea, revealing what Alzur had done to him and the other children, insisting that Alzur cared only about his ego and legacy, not about making a better world. Galanthea, however, thanked him for saving them and expressed her gratitude for his presence. Madoc nodded and moved ahead to ensure they wouldn't run into any further trouble.
Later, when he returned to the group, he found their cart abandoned near an inn, with blood on the ground. Approaching a peasant standing guard outside, Madoc punched him in the stomach when he was told to leave and entered the inn. Inside, he found a group of peasants pilfering through the belongings of his travel companions. The leader of the group, a woman, aimed a crossbow at him and threatened to shoot if he didn't leave. When Madoc's attempts to calm her down failed, she fired the arrow, but Madoc deflected it with his sword, causing it to strike another peasant in the throat. The entire group then surrendered, and Madoc ordered them to leave.
After freeing his companions, Madoc dug a grave for the peasant he had inadvertently killed. While digging, Galanthea approached him, revealing that she knew his name because Alzur had spoken of him. She claimed that Alzur had been fond of Madoc. Initially angered by this, Madoc listened as Galanthea urged him to let go of his resentment and live life for himself. As Madoc prepared to resume digging, it began to rain. He watched, amused, as his companions and the innkeeper frantically collected rainwater. However, his amusement turned to concern when he noticed clouds gathering over Maribor and a portal opening in them. The group watched in horror as a giant monster, the Viy of Maribor, emerged. Without hesitation, Madoc jumped on his horse, looked back at the group one last time, and rode off to face his fate.

</doc>
<doc id="119355" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119355" title="Alissa Henson">
Alissa Henson

Alissa Henson was a sorceress and niece of famed sorceress Aurora Henson. She worked as dwimveandra and was responsible for the eventual downfall of the Vigilantes.

</doc>
<doc id="119356" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119356" title="Conduit event">
Conduit event

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
A conduit event refers to the occurences in which humans (mainly children) previously untouched to the flow of magic, experiences a sudden, uncontrollable, and oftentimes dangerous act of magic e.g summoning a whirlwind. Sometimes conduit events can be triggered when the user is under extreme emotional distress.

</doc>
<doc id="119359" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119359" title="Conduit Event">
Conduit Event



</doc>
<doc id="119360" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119360" title="Vicovarian Magic Academy">
Vicovarian Magic Academy



</doc>
<doc id="119380" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119380" title="Noel Ivor">
Noel Ivor

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Noel Ivor&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Noel Ivor was a Nilfgaardian professor of archaeology at the Imperial Academy in Castel Graupian.
Biography.
Expedition to Beauclair.
After returning to the academy, Ivor began a relationship with Isabelle Duchamp, a fellow archeologist from Oxenfurt Academy, which was ended after she announced she was leading an expedition, and he refused her invitation for him to be her assistant for the trip. Years later, still embarrassed and regretful, he organised an eight week expedition to Beauclair with his new assistant Philipp Borutt, to visit the Termes Palace Ruins, the location of her expedition. On the 14th Birke, they arrived at the ruins, and the two quickly began to drink heavily, powered by fear of the supposedly cursed ruins. On the 18th, after several days of continued arguments between himself and Borutt, Ivor finally entered the palace and was never seen again.

</doc>
<doc id="119381" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119381" title="Luca aep Fraanh">
Luca aep Fraanh

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Luca aep Fraanh&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Luca aep Frannh was a junior quartermaster clerk at the Chancellory of the Imperial Academy in Castel Graupian.
Biography.
In the late 13th century, he authorised the shipments of assorted goods, such as tents, beds, wine, and tools, to Professor Noel Ivor of the archaeology department, who was on an expedition with his assistant Philipp Borutt in Beauclair.

</doc>
<doc id="119384" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119384" title="Yannick Delen">
Yannick Delen

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Yannick Delen&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Yannick Delen was a Temerian statesman and citizen of Vizima.
Biography.
In early 1272, during the early stages of the Third Northern War, Yannick received reports that the Nilfgaardian Army had reached the city and was preparing siege equipment. He advised Lord Mayor Velerad to flee the coming fight with him aboard a boat waiting at the harbour. The following morning, Delen, Velerad, his family and several hired guards all departed the city and sailed to Blacksol, then Stoonwar, before stopping in White Orchard, with plans to continue onto Charske and finish their escape on horseback.

</doc>
<doc id="119385" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119385" title="Blacksol">
Blacksol

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Blacksol&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="owner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Owner/Ruler&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="country"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Country&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="capital"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Capital&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="population"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Population&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="demonym"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Demonym&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="2"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Emblem(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="flag"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="2"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="geo_map"&gt;&lt;label&gt;World&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="city_map"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Blacksol is a village in Temeria.

</doc>
<doc id="119386" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119386" title="Stoonwar">
Stoonwar

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Stoonwar&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="owner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Owner/Ruler&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="country"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Country&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="capital"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Capital&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="population"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Population&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="demonym"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Demonym&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="2"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Emblem(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="flag"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="2"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="geo_map"&gt;&lt;label&gt;World&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="city_map"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Stoonwar is a village in Temeria.

</doc>
<doc id="119387" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119387" title="Charske">
Charske

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Charske&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="owner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Owner/Ruler&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="country"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Country&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="capital"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Capital&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="population"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Population&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="demonym"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Demonym&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="2"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Emblem(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="flag"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="2"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="geo_map"&gt;&lt;label&gt;World&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="city_map"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Charske is a village in Temeria.

</doc>
<doc id="119392" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119392" title="CD PROJEKT RED">
CD PROJEKT RED



</doc>
<doc id="119393" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119393" title="CD Projekt">
CD Projekt



</doc>
<doc id="119394" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119394" title="CD Projekt's The Witcher franchise">
CD Projekt's The Witcher franchise



</doc>
<doc id="119396" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119396" title="CD PROJEKT's The Witcher franchise">
CD PROJEKT's The Witcher franchise



</doc>
<doc id="119407" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119407" title="A Tome of Chaos">
A Tome of Chaos

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
A Tome of Chaos is an expansion for "The Witcher Role-Playing Game", focusing on various aspect of magic and religion.
Publisher's blurb.
A Celebration of the Art, Chaos, and Science of Magic!
It's said that magic is equal parts art, chaos, and science. That it's a blessing, a curse, and progress itself. Through the notes of escaped Nilfgaardian Director of Magic, Glynnis var Treharne, you'll put that saying to the test, uncovering the secrets of the primal forces of magic. How will you use this primordial chaos, and how will it change you?
A Tome of Chaos is a supplement for the Witcher TRPG which gives you a number of new spells, invocations, rituals, and hexes as well as a collection of magic items, dark rituals, and magical miscellanea to take your game to new heights.
Featuring:

</doc>
<doc id="119412" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119412" title="CDPR 20th Anniversary">
CDPR 20th Anniversary

2022 marks the 20th Anniversary of CD PROJEKT RED! To mark all their accomplishments so far, a few of their highlights are listed below. Make sure to also visit their official anniversary website to check out submissions and join the celebration!
2002.
CD PROJEKT RED is created
2007.
"The Witcher" game is released for PC
2011.
"" is released for PC
2012.
"" is released for Xbox 360
2014.
CDPR gets a new look with the introduction of Raróg in their logo
2015.
"" releases on PC and consoles
"Hearts of Stone" expansion is released
2016.
"Blood and Wine" expansion is released
"" enters beta
2018.
"" is released
Full version of Gwent is released
2019.
"" comes out on Nintendo Switch
2020.
"Cyberpunk 2077" is released on PC and consoles
2021.
The first ever WitcherCon takes place
2022.
A new Witcher Saga is teased

</doc>
<doc id="119416" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119416" title="The Mage Hunters">
The Mage Hunters



</doc>
<doc id="119419" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119419" title="A Book of Tales">
A Book of Tales

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
A Book of Tales is an expansion for "The Witcher Role-Playing Game", including six scenarios and three new playable races.
Publisher's blurb.
Tales of magic and monsters as told by The World's Greatest Bard!
Adventure across the world of "The Witcher", uncovering its secrets, slaying its monsters, and bringing its stories to life, as entirely and truthfully recollected by the famed bard Dandelion. In this book, you'll travel from the could mountains of Kovir to the wine soaked region of Toussaint in Nilfgaard, meeting interesting characters along the way, with intrigue around every corner. Book of Tales is a supplement for The Witcher Pen and Paper RPG that gives you six adventures that span the Continent, complete with new monsters, player content, and maps. All compiled into a larger campaign.
Featuring...

</doc>
<doc id="119421" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119421" title="Temple language">
Temple language

"That white-haired bloke... Gerard? Gerwant?" — The actual name of this subject is conjectural or unknown.
A "secret temple language" is known to at least certain clergymen of the Nordling Pantheon, as well as some mages. It is used, among others, to code secret messages and formulate incantations.
Geralt of Rivia once learned an "exorcism" in this language from some priestesses of Huldra, but its meaning turned out to be a vulgar joke.

</doc>
<doc id="119425" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119425" title="Silvena (Fredefalk's wife)">
Silvena (Fredefalk's wife)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Silvena (Fredefalk's wife)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Silvena (Polish: "Sylvana") was princess of Creyden and the first wife of Prince Fredefalk Vellga and the mother of Renfri.
Biography.
"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
"Scroll 1: Fredefalk recalled that day—the day when the night came at noon and Renfri was born. The sun was slowly fading, plunging Creyden into a blue twilight. Courtiers and villagers fearfully gazed at the sky, waiting for the moment when the gluttonous shadow would consume the remnants of light. Princess Silvena was lying in her bed. The hunting clothes were stained with blood—this time her own. As soon as she mounted the horse, the pregnant woman suffered excruciating pain. Dark streams trickled down from between her thighs and did not stop flowing as the unconscious princess was carried into the chamber. The unfortunate one Silvena had chosen as her chosen prey, which she intended to personally shoot with a crossbow, was very lucky. More than the maid who dared to look the princess in the face. More than the stable boy who missed a splash of mud while cleaning the Princess's saddle after the last hunt."
"Scroll 2: Ever since Fredefalk had learned that Silvena was with child, he had wondered what their child would inherit from her mother. The fact that she could be like him had not even crossed his mind. The prince was sure that a girl would be born. She will have eyes the color of seawater and will look at him the same way as Silvena—as if challenging him to a duel in which he had no chance to win. Fredefalk shifted his gaze from the pale face of his unconscious wife to the window. The thin silver ring of the sun seemed to crack under the onslaught of darkness. The silence was broken by a scream. Silvena opened her eyes and began giving birth."
"Scroll 3: The girl, Renfri, turned out to be healthy and strong. She was, after all, her mother's daughter. Silvena's breathing was shallow but steady. She was asleep. The sweat clumped the Princess's long light hair into wet pods. Fredefalk looked inquiringly at the midwife, standing in a bloody apron on the other side of the bed. The woman nodded. Fredefalk wasn't surprised. He had never doubted that of the two of them he would be the first to die, not his wife. The prince leaned over the cradle and looked at the shriveled, reddened face. He expected the newborn to have closed eyes, but it seemed to him that something flashed between the sparse lashes. A quick, evil glance. Or maybe a drop of moisture? The prince stretched out his hand and carefully touched the light down on the baby's head. He thought about it. After a long moment, he motioned for the midwife. He whispered in her ear, and she listened silently. When he was leaving, he stopped at the door. The woman stood still with a silk pillow she held just above Silvena's face. One word was enough. The midwife was waiting."
"Scroll 4: Aridea, Fredefalk's second wife, was in many ways similar to Silvena—maybe that was why the prince noticed her. What, in turn, differed her from Fredefalk's first wife, was her lack of panache and imagination. Aridea's exploits never become as famous as Silvena's hunts—overshadowed by stories of Renfri's exploits. First, there was the puppy that her stepmother had given her and which, in unexplained circumstances, fell out of the tower window. Then a maid, mutilated with tailor's scissors, who herself swore it was an accident. Gradually, whispers began to spread among the courtiers about the Curse of the Black Sun, affecting girls born soon after the eclipse. Fredefalk did not give credence to the superstitions, but he did not silence the rumors. From her narrow, pale face, Silvena's eyes looked at him searchingly, as if Renfri was judging whether she was strong enough to beat him.He did not remember what he considered to be the final proof. Suddenly he felt he couldn't wait any longer. All it took was one word to finally be free of them both—mother and daughter. One word whispered into the ear of the right person. Aridea tilted her head, her pupils dilating as she listened to her husband's whisper."
"Chest: The dollhouse is in disarray. Little princesses in little tiaras made of real diamonds lie in a row, stripped of their dresses. Their porcelain faces remain perfectly indifferent as if they have become accustomed to similar humiliations. Fredefalk straightens up and walks to the open window in Renfri's chamber. The prince looks at the garden. He sees Aridea handing a heavy bag to a man dressed in hunting clothes. Renfri runs out of the palace. The hunter takes her by the hand and together they walk towards the forest. On the man's back sways a crossbow, while in the princess' chamber sways a golden cage. The canary's home nudges Fredefalk on the shoulder. On the sawdust-covered bottom lies the tiny body of a dead bird dressed in a dress. The prince returns to his memories."

</doc>
<doc id="119451" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119451" title="Ley line">
Ley line

Those not attuned to chaos are quick to label magic as 'the other.' A force that exists completely separate from the natural world and, with its alien nature, cannot be trusted. But the matter is not quite so black and white. Magic permeates the land we walk on and the pathways it follows form a complicated web of beauty that could only be brought about by magic.- Glynnis var Treharne,  "A Tome of Chaos"
Ley lines are invisible semi-physical channels through which the power of Elemental Planes permeates the material world. They can be up to six meters wide and crisscross the entire planet, able to be found at any altitude, be it a mountain peak or a cavern deep under the sea. Together, they create interconnected web that forms the backbone of magical art in the Continent.
Each ley line is linked to a specific element and has different characteristics. A ley line linked to Earth might be recognized by gnarled trees, prevaled plant growth, or strange rock patterns along the line. One linked to Water can manifest as unusual humidity, unnatural water flow, or extreme tides if one searches for it in the sea. A Fire one is characterized by glaring sunlight, withered plants, or heat haze. Cirrus clouds, dust devils, and smell of ozone indicate an Air ley line. In addition, each line radiates a magical signature that can be sensed by anyone and anything that is capable to perceive magical aura; any person attuned to magic gets a cramp on their ring finger when within 10 meters of the ley; trained mages sense great magical aura and can determine the direction of the line.
Places where two or more ley lines converge are called Intersections. Atop the most potent of these, ancient elves and other peoples erected monuments called places of power or circles of elements that allow a safer way to draw magic.

</doc>
<doc id="119454" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119454" title="Erin Oswa Aep Led">
Erin Oswa Aep Led

Erin Oswa Aep Led, better known as The Witcheress, is a young blind human woman with a high interest in anything witcher related and a collector of vedyminaica as a result.
Biography.
Erin and her family originated from Kovir but due to unknown reasons they fled and defected to Nilfgaard. Sometime during her childhood she became quite enamored with witchers and, being from an upper class family, she was able to become an avid collector of vedyminaica, gathering all the knowledge and history about witchers she could find. Despite spending the better part of her 25 years alive studying witchers, she hadn't met one yet.

</doc>
<doc id="119464" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119464" title="Voren of Dillingen">
Voren of Dillingen

Voren of Dillingen was a witcher from the School of the Bear and the first witcher to test the prosthetic limb designed by the sorcerers Barend Anselberg and Elgan of Verden during the Third Northern War.
Biography.
Early Life.
Approximately fifty years before the outbreak of the Third Northern War, Voren was still a relatively inexperienced witcher, having only been on the path for a few years. A fateful hunt south of Cintra would prove to be one of the most significant events of his life. Voren accepted a contract to kill a Fiend that had been terrorizing local villages. Local hunters led him to believe that the Fiend was still a juvenile and could be easily dispatched. Unfortunately, the hunters were mistaken; the Fiend was fully grown. The ensuing battle was long and arduous, but Voren ultimately succeeded in killing the monster. However, one of the Fiend's blows crushed his left arm, shattering the bones in his wrist and fingers.
Having already ingested several witcher potions, Voren decided not to risk drinking a Swallow potion but instead rode to the nearest town, three days away, to seek medical help. By the time he arrived, his witcher healing had already taken effect, fusing the shattered bones together in a twisted manner, making it difficult for him to flex his fingers without great effort. With the help of a splint and time spent adapting, Voren adjusted his fighting style and regained the ability to perform Signs.
Second Injury.
A year after his initial injury, Voren suffered another severe injury to his left arm during a fight with an Ekimmara, which destroyed the splint. Again lacking Swallow, Voren sought medical aid. Unfortunately, by the time he found a doctor, his witcher healing had worsened the situation; the wound had healed, trapping debris from the splint inside his arm, causing a gangrenous infection. The doctor determined that the arm had to be amputated above the elbow. Lacking proper anesthetics and with limited experience in amputations, the procedure was both physically and mentally traumatic for Voren.
Life With Disability.
A year after the amputation, life was difficult for Voren. Whenever he arrived in towns or villages, contracts were often pulled from the noticeboards, and the work he managed to get was low-paying and required little skill. In the eyes of the commonfolk, he was no longer a capable witcher but a liability. Isolated and impoverished, Voren was reduced to sleeping rough and hunting wild animals to survive in Lyria and Rivia.
At his lowest point, he encountered the mage Elgan of Verden. Elgan, who had lost a leg while hunting a Shaelmaar in Mahakam, offered Voren substantial compensation if he helped in the hunt. Initially reluctant, Voren eventually agreed, reasoning that dying in battle with a monster was better than starving to death. The pair successfully tracked down and killed the Shaelmaar deep in the Dwarven mines. However, as they tried to leave, the tunnel began to collapse, trapping Elgan under debris. Despite the mage's protests, Voren refused to leave him behind and managed to pull him free. The mineshaft collapsed further, burying them both, but with Elgan's magic, they escaped by morning. Grateful for Voren's aid, Elgan later repaid his debt by offering him a new invention: a prosthetic arm designed for a witcher's lifestyle, which Voren would be the first to test in the field.
Life With Prostethic.
Thanks to the prosthetic, Voren was able to perform signs again and take on contracts worthy of a witcher. He was active in Cintra during the Third Northern War and entered into a relationship with a Higher Vampire. Despite his newfound capabilities, the scars of his past injuries remained. Voren continued to suffer from chronic pain, which could flare up and cause phantom limb syndrome where his left arm used to be. The psychological wounds from years of frustration, despondency, and loss also persisted. When not wearing his prosthetic, Voren kept it nearby, having adapted to perform most daily tasks using his right arm alone.

</doc>
<doc id="119476" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119476" title="Ethereal emanation">
Ethereal emanation

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
Ethereal emanations are the entities that inhabit ethereal dimensions. While sometimes referred to as "specters", this category encompasses not only ghosts of the deceased, but also native beings of the spiritual realms, such as demons and perispirits.

</doc>
<doc id="119477" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119477" title="Boży bojownicy">
Boży bojownicy



</doc>
<doc id="119495" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119495" title="Rune magic">
Rune magic

Rune magic is an art of utilizing the power that lies dormant within glyphstones and runestones.
In contrast to casting spells or incantations, one does not need innate magical abilities in order to enchant magical properties within an object. Runes, glyphs, and complicated combinations thereof seem to be innately powerful and might produce seemingly endless combinations of effects. The practitioners that do have magical skills are known as runemages and seem to be skilled in creational magic.
History and usage.
'An ancient dwarven incantation in ancient dwarven runes is engraved on my sihil,' Zoltan growled, drawing his sword, 'If just one ghoul approaches at a blade's length, it won't forget me. Right here, look.'
'Ah,' Dandelion, who had just joined them, said with interest. 'So those are some of the famous secret runes of the dwarves. What does the engraving say?'
' "Confusion to the whores' sons!" '- Zoltan Chivay and Dandelion,  "Baptism of Fire"
When human scholars from the Northern Realms discovered the runic technology it was already ancient. While (according to Brandon of Oxenfurt) many believed it to be pioneered by the elves, other races such as gnomes and dwarves had their own runic traditions. The dwarven runes in particular appear to be an often-mentioned curiosity amongst humans, who are interested in their secrecy; as Zoltan Chivay describes, Mahakaman dwarves used to engrave incantations (often quite vulgar) that ward off monsters.
In the 10th century, Nordling runemages were able to craft the so-called runic discs: circular plates of copper alloy that harnessed power of multiple runestones in order to fuse energies drawn from multiple elemental planes. Due to the chaotic nature of magic, it was said that only sages and madmen attempted to utilize this technique.
Nowadays, the art of runewrighting is flourishing in an Ofiri region where a pantheistic monotheistic religion has been flourishing, whose clerics teach that runes, glyphs, and other signs are an imperfect interpretation of the symbols through which God, the Universe, expresses Itself.
Nilfgaardian and Nordling mages utilize runes and glyphs in creation of amulets. Non-magical Craftsmen skilled in etching runes are commonly referred to as runewrights or artificers.

</doc>
<doc id="119497" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119497" title="The Witcheress">
The Witcheress



</doc>
<doc id="119502" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119502" title="Creational magic">
Creational magic

Creational magic, or magic of creation, is considered to be the pinnacle of magical achievements. Unlike transformational magic, which transmutes already existing objects into something different, or illusion, which creates unreal images, sounds, and sensations that exist only in the minds, the magic of creation appears to be able to create entirely new, real and material objects and beings.
Gifted practitioners of rune magic appear able to utilize the power within runestones to create things they wish.
She took his hand between hers and at once he felt a tingling and the pulsing of blood in the veins of his forearm. Yennefer whispered a spell in a serene, measured voice, but he saw the beads of sweat which the effort caused to stipple her pale forehead, saw her pupils dilate in pain.
Releasing his arm, she extended her hands, and moved them, smoothing an invisible shape with tender strokes, slowly, from top to bottom. The air between her fingers began to congeal and become turbid, swell and pulsate like smoke.
He watched in fascination. Creational magic – considered the most elevated accomplishment among sorcerers – always fascinated him, much more than illusions or transformational magic. Yes, Istredd was right, he thought. In comparison with this kind of magic my Signs just look ridiculous. The form of a bird, as black as coal, slowly materialised between Yennefer's hands, which were trembling with effort.
The sorceress' fingers gently stroked the ruffled feathers, the small, flattened head and curved beak. One more hypnotically fluid, delicate movement and a black kestrel, turning its head, cried loudly. Its twin, still sitting motionless on the antlers, gave an answering cry. "Sword of Destiny"

</doc>
<doc id="119506" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119506" title="Deadly Precision">
Deadly Precision

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Deadly Precision&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Combat Skill&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;Deadly Precision is an ability in "" from the Combat tree.
Description.
Level 1:
Level 2:

</doc>
<doc id="119509" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119509" title="Mutated Skin">
Mutated Skin

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Mutated Skin&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Mutation&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;Mutated Skin is a mutation in the "Blood and Wine" expansion, which allows adding abilities from the Combat and Alchemy trees to the additional slots.

</doc>
<doc id="119512" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119512" title="Lil' Bleater">
Lil' Bleater

"Something wrong with my face?"&lt;br&gt;This article or its infobox is missing an image. You can help by it.&lt;br&gt;Please do not upload images from other fan sites unless it's official artwork.
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Lil' Bleater&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;General Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;Lil' Bleater was a goat that belonged to Eskel.
Geralt has to track her trails during To Bait a Forktail... and she is later seen during a No Place Like Home cinematic as well. Outside of these two quests, she can be seen around Kaer Morhen, even after Eskel leaves the place, despite commentary that she never leaves his side.

</doc>
<doc id="119513" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119513" title="Gundar">
Gundar

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Gundar&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Gundar is a warrior from Harviken and a suitor to Jutta an Dimun. Geralt can fight him in order to prove that he is worthy of challenging her.

</doc>
<doc id="119515" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119515" title="Speedy Eugene">
Speedy Eugene

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Speedy Eugene&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
"Speedy" Eugene was the vice-head of Antoine Straggen's hanse of bandits headquartered in the Arthach Palace Ruins in Toussaint.
Biography.
In 1275, Straggen led the hanse, including Eugene, to the Arthach ruins, where they began operations in the nearby area. One such operation had Eugene lead some men southwest to the The Silver Salamander Inn, where they sacked and killed the majority of its residents, save a few such as Calixte Moire, the innkeeper who escaped into the woods.
"If Geralt chose to liberate the inn:" soon after arriving, the witcher Geralt of Rivia came to the inn on a ducal contract, and slew all the men, including Eugene.

</doc>
<doc id="119516" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119516" title="Gardener's key">
Gardener's key

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Gardener's key&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;poi_car_b_08_key&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Gardener's key is a quest item and key in the "Blood and Wine" expansion that is needed to open the chest during the treasure hunt quest The Inconstant Gardener.
It can be found in a sack at Abandoned Coopers' Workshop, along with orders from Graybill Pellegrin.

</doc>
<doc id="119518" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119518" title="Letter from the hunter">
Letter from the hunter

Letter from the hunter is a document and quest item in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
It can be picked up from the table in front of Count Beledal, at his original position near Chuchote Cave during Big Game Hunter. However, despite it being a quest item it doesn't seem to serve any purpose other than being an interesting read.
"Distinguished Count,"
"As you ordered, we have found out where the creatures of interest to you live. All the places are marked on the map attached to the package. Notwithstanding, I feel obligated to warn you against approaching any of the dwelling places without an experienced hunter or hunters and at least several weapons. In the month in which you intend to travel to the duchy panthers are caring for their young, while centipedes are particularly active gathering stores of fat tissue before winter."
"As head of the guild of local hunters and trackers, I recommend taking a guide from our organization. Please let us know if you are interested – I shall personally make sure that your escort is made up of the best and most experienced people."
"With expressions of deep respect,Olivier de la BraggaDuchy of Toussaint Guild of Hunters and Trackers"

</doc>
<doc id="119519" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119519" title="Maximus Macrinus">
Maximus Macrinus

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Maximus Macrinus&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Maximus Nonius Macrinus was the was the owner of Casteldaccia vineyard in Toussaint.
He was the reason why Filibert "Fourfingers" von Wittan got his alias after a duel between the two, and years later was brutally murdered with his family on Filibert's orders. With his last words, Maximus swore revenge in his next life, turning into a ghost who haunts his former estate.
Ever since, many have fallen to his sword in attempts to free the estate of his cursed presence.

</doc>
<doc id="119520" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119520" title="Old elven key">
Old elven key

Old elven key is a key and a quest item in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
It can be found on the inside end of a locked door at the Termes Palace Ruins underground, after having reached the rooms where the Granmaster Wolven diagrams. It unlocks the door in question for an easier exit after completing the treasure hunt quest.

</doc>
<doc id="119523" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119523" title="Drunken Master">
Drunken Master

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Drunken Master&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
The Drunken Master was the reigning fistfighting champion of Toussaint.
Biography.
Drinking was the Maestro's remedy for crippling shyness and he never did anything sober, spending most of his time to maintain his drunken state at the Beauclair Port. As the fistfighting champion, he imposed his own code onto challengers and never fought anyone who didn't drink.
"If Geralt dethroned the champion:" In 1275, after Geralt of Rivia defeated the Maestro, the now former champion admitted relief to be stripped of his title, as he wanted more time to pursue his chief interest - drinking.

</doc>
<doc id="119529" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119529" title="The Wedding Party at Bullerlyn">
The Wedding Party at Bullerlyn

The Wedding Party at Bullerlyn is a well-known and extremely indecent cavalry song, often sung by members of the Bruggian Army.

</doc>
<doc id="119532" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119532" title="Scheyli">
Scheyli

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Scheyli&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Scheyli was a Mahakaman adventurer who grew tired of her life in a high peak village and, together with a good friend Neniz, decided to go see the world.
Biography.
Scheyli was born sometime before the 1270s, and grew up in werebbubb village in the South Mahakam Mountains. After a family of vrans, seeking shelter due to being targeted in a nonhuman pogrom, migrated to the village, Scheyli befriended their daughter Neniz.
Sharing her desire to see the world beyond their snowy home, Scheyli agreed to Neniz' idea of stealing a priced dwarven relic, Cursetter's Hammer, in order to finance their explorations. After ordering a similar-looking hammer from a local smith, the two set out to steal the relic during the Mahakam Ale Festival.
The werebbubb, knowing the area around Mount Carbon quite well, managed to get them inside the Cursetter's Cavern. There, however, they ran into Brodogar Farrag, who also planned to steal the hammer. As Farrag saw Scheyli and Neniz approaching, he, panicking, smashed one of the support pillars and escaped. Seeing Neniz in a heap of stones, Scheyli performed first aid on her wounded friend, not minding a large shard of flint in her own stomach. The dwarves who arrived shortly thereafter suspected them of trying to steal their historical artifact and so put them in jail. They were also accused of killing Rendal Harkus, a dwarf who almost caught Farrag and was in fact killed due to the collapsing ceiling. Not knowing better, the dwarves put the two friends in jail and postponed their trial until Neniz recovered sufficiently for an execution to take place.
Personality and appearance.
A female werebbubb covered in snow-colored fur, Scheyli stood barely taller than dwarf Enid Harkus. Scheyli used her fur cleverly, concealing a set of picks beneath. The claws on the tips of her fingers were delicate, and she wore leather trousers, knee boots, and an open leather jerkin. She had a light voice and spoke quickly.
Unlike her measured friend Neniz, Scheyli was impetuous and bold. While she could come across as hostile when feeling threatened, the werebbubb cared deeply for Neniz and was keen on gaining allies to shake down the accusations of murder.

</doc>
<doc id="119542" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119542" title="Radovid V - Defender of the North">
Radovid V - Defender of the North

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Radovid V - Defender of the North&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Book&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;10 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;lore_radovid_propaganda_pamphlet&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Radovid V - Defender of the North is a document in "".
It should appear as random loot in some treasure chests and two bookshelves in Dijkstra's bathhouse. However, due to a randomization bug it can always be found on one exact bookshelf there, and nowhere else.
"(...) and so the emperor's brutes crossed the Yaruga's waters. Yet this splashing was but a foretaste of the ocean of Temerian blood they would yet spill. Black has swarmed over our sweet Temerian soil, like ants swarming a drop of honey fallen in their path. Emhyr's cutthroats adore their master and long to emulate his desecrations. The Nilfgaardian onslaught will spare no one. Under its sun-adorned banners hide dark hordes, cackling with anticipation, gleefully practicing how they will prance on the graves of our elders, women and children alike..."
"Good folk of the North! The time has come to unite! Forget our past feuds and quarrels! There is but one foe, one despicable to us all! Let us spare no blood, for each drop spilled might save the life of a brothers."
"Yet is there any man who will not yield before their frightful charge, before that mass clad in plate black as pitch and stinking of the blood of the raped and murdered...?"
"I tell you there is, brothers and sisters. There is one man whom the loathsome foe frightens not one bit. A man who, armed with wisdom, courage and cunning, can give fight to the southern plague. That man's name is Radovid V. The Stern, they call him, and in this we are blessed, for only such a man can turn back the deluge of iron and steel, send it rushing back whence it came."
"Mothers, weep not for your sons! Death for a noble cause is an honor every man should embrace. Let your menfolk gather round the banners of Redania's ruler, for he is no longer just Redania's - he is the proud commander of the united forces of the Northern Realms!"

</doc>
<doc id="119547" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119547" title="A Changeling Rescued">
A Changeling Rescued

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;A Changeling Rescued&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q305_script_comedy_title1q305_script_drama_title1&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
A Changeling Rescued is a book and a quest item in "".
It has the same contents as The Doppler's Salvation, but only a different title (short for "A Changeling Rescued, or the Witcher's Triumph") depending on a choice made at the start of The Play's the Thing.
 "WITCHER: "To slay beasts most foul - 'twas for this I was made, I kill as my calling, not just to get paid." - threatening or cheerful, bold"
 "WITCHER: "Perhaps 'midst the guests he hides, in fear?" - suspicious or intense, lively"
 "WITCHER: "Seems men's hearts can love for changelings foster!" - astonished or joyful"
 "WITCHER: "But a heart that is base, such as in this knave aches!" - disgusted"
 "WITCHER: "No monster is he whose shape can shift." - ceremonial"

</doc>
<doc id="119548" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119548" title="Irina's copy of the play">
Irina's copy of the play

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Irina's copy of the play&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q305_script_for_irina&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Irina's copy of the play is a quest item in "".
It is a placeholder copy of The Doppler's Salvation / A Changeling Rescued that is given to Irina Renarde during The Play's the Thing. However, unlike the script that Geralt himself has to read, this item isn't a readable book.

</doc>
<doc id="119551" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119551" title="Key to Freya's garden">
Key to Freya's garden

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Key to Freya's garden&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q205_key_to_burrow&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Padlock key is a quest item and key in "".
It is found on the remains of a priestess in a cave under Freya's Garden, just past Skjall's body. It's only purpose is to unlock the door right next to it, as returning the way Geralt reached it isn't possible. Thus, a player may get stuck in the cave without this key, if dropped down the well without Yennefer being there to trigger the scripted event during Nameless.

</doc>
<doc id="119552" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119552" title="Shackles">
Shackles

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Shackles&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;6 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q202_shackles&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Shackles is a quest item in "".
It is found near the big boat hull on Undvik and is supposed to be the "twine" Octo asks for during The Lord of Undvik. However, whether due to a bug or intentionally, they don't really serve a purpose as the game will always act as if they are given to Octo once he receives nails. If found before the quest completes, the item will turn into sellable junk.

</doc>
<doc id="119556" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119556" title="Key to Vigi's cage">
Key to Vigi's cage

Key to Vigi's cage is a key and a quest item in "".
It can be looted near the ice giant during the main quest The Lord of Undvik, and is used to free Vigi the Loon before attacking.

</doc>
<doc id="119557" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119557" title="Letter from Hubert Rejk">
Letter from Hubert Rejk

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Letter from Hubert Rejk&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q308_psycho_farewell&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Letter from Hubert Rejk is a letter and quest item in "".
It can be found in the Novigrad Morgue after the Carnal Sins secondary quest, only if Hubert Rejk wasn't successfully identified as the killer.
"Witcher,"
"Since you are reading this letter, you have finally guessed who the murderer was. Only after finding my subtle hints, undoubtedly, but still. I congratulate you - and at the same time inform you that you will never have the pleasure of meeting me again."
"I long deluded myself into thinking I could wake the citizens of Novigrad from their slumber, make them aware of their corruption and point them on the right path - that which leads to the Eternal Fire and the cleansing it provides."
"Yet even though - as you well know - I stopped at nothing in my efforts, it appears they will not bring about the desired results. Novigrad's moral pox has spread too far and too deep - it is now incurable and fatal. Though many consider me a fanatic, even I realize further shock therapy of the kind I have been administering will do no good."
"I will thus depart for another, smaller settlement, where the process of moral decay has just begun and where my intervention may yet stand a chance of stopping it. Forgive me for not giving you the details of my itinerary, but I fear you would try to hinder my mission."
"My regards,Hubert Rejk, alias Concerned Citizen"

</doc>
<doc id="119558" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119558" title="Ledger of Income and Outlays">
Ledger of Income and Outlays

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Ledger of Income and Outlays&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;24 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;sq310_ledger_book&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Ledger of Income and Outlays is a quest item in "".
It is found at Zed's home and then given to Zoltan Chivay during the quest A Dangerous Game.
"Outlay:"
"Steel sword, new - Fabian OlivierMoth-eaten coat of gold cloth - DukeIsengrim Faoiltiarna, card - RavikFringilla Vigo, card - Caesar BilzenThree polished peacock opals - Vixen"

</doc>
<doc id="119559" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119559" title="Triangular key">
Triangular key

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Triangular key&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;sq310_triangle_key&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Triangular key is a quest item and key in "".
It can be found on the second floor of Caesar Bilzen's house during the secondary quest A Dangerous Game, and unlocks the hidden room where the jade figurine and Fringilla Vigo gwent card are found.

</doc>
<doc id="119563" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119563" title="Hemdall's Wrath">
Hemdall's Wrath

"Something wrong with my face?"&lt;br&gt;This article or its infobox is missing an image. You can help by it.&lt;br&gt;Please do not upload images from other fan sites unless it's official artwork.
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Hemdall's Wrath&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Details&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="invented"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Invented&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="manufactured"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Manufactured&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="owner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Owner&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="captain"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Captain&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
The Hemdall's Wrath was a drakkar belonging to Clan Brokvar. While on a mission to raid the Continent's coast, it was itself raided by pirates on the northeastern shores of Ard Skellig.

</doc>
<doc id="119564" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119564" title="Letter from Cantarella">
Letter from Cantarella

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Letter from Cantarella&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;sq306_sacha_letter&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Letter from Cantarella is a letter in "".
It is left by Sasha for Geralt at the end of the High Stakes secondary quest, if the witcher chooses to sleep with her.
"Geralt, forgive me for leaving without saying farewell, but you were sleeping so peacefully..."
"Almost made me want to nick your cards and coin, or at least read all those letters you carry around in your pockets. Old habits die hard."
"Till our next meeting, then. Perhaps one day soon I'll see to it that we bump into each other completely by accident."
"Cantarella"

</doc>
<doc id="119566" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119566" title="Stable key">
Stable key

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Stable key&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q310_backdoor_key&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Stable key is a quest item and key in "".
Found near the guard inside, it is needed to unlock the stables during the main quest Payback, if Geralt agrees to steal the horses with Ciri and Aegar.

</doc>
<doc id="119567" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119567" title="Letter from the resident mage">
Letter from the resident mage

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Letter from the resident mage&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq4002_note&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Letter from the resident mage is a letter and a quest item in "".
It is found and read during the secondary quest Greenhouse Effect.
"Lesbeth,"
"I'm very flattered by your interest in my humble greenhouse and naturally will describe to you how it works. Believe me - I've nothing better to do here. The witchers, being witchers, are tight-lipped, and even when they do finally say something it's rarely anything very interesting. But enough of my complaints, let's return to the greenhouse."
""Greenhouse" is, of course, merely a term of convenience, for this construction does not require any structure that could be called a house - it consists of three monoliths made of magic-absorbent stone (basalt is best, or porphyry, but granite will do in a pinch). The monoliths must be arranged in a triangle, and then charged with energy from the elements of fire and water."
"Since a triangle has three vertices, there is no way to lay out the powers symmetrically - and that is precisely the point. The unstable arrangement will strive towards equilibrium according to the principle of the conservation of magic energy. Heat is a side effect of this process - and so, as they say in Beauclair, voila!, within the triangle conditions become like those of a greenhouse, favorable to the cultivation of exotic plants."
"Two last remarks. First, charging all three monoliths with the same element will accomplish nothing – the arrangement will be stable and there will be no flow of energy. Second, the arrangement will naturally lose its charge over time and thus must be checked up on regularly – especially bearing in mind that once equilibrium is achieved, the temperature will fall and heavy precipitation will result, following the ancient principle quod magia facit, natura laxit."
"That will have to do for now. Your Hieronymus."
"PS. Perhaps by way of thanks you could come visit me? True, the witchers have made me swear on all that is holy not to reveal where Kaer Morhen lies, but you, my dear, dear Lesbeth, can be trusted."

</doc>
<doc id="119570" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119570" title="Magic trinket from Yennefer">
Magic trinket from Yennefer

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Magic trinket from Yennefer&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;30 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;48 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;7 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q310_yen_trinket&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Magic trinket from Yennefer a quest item in "".
It is given to Geralt by Yennefer during The Great Escape, to be used when he finds Margarita Laux-Antille.

</doc>
<doc id="119571" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119571" title="Vizimir II's ring">
Vizimir II's ring

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Vizimir II's ring&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;220 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq3035_philppa_ring&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Vizimir II's ring is a quest item in "".
It is given to Geralt by Philippa Eilhart during Reason of State, to be then given to Radovid V as proof that the witcher has found the sorceress.

</doc>
<doc id="119575" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119575" title="Dead fish">
Dead fish

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Dead fish&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;10 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q504_fish&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Dead fish is a quest item in "".
During the Empress ending variant of Something Ends, Something Begins, four of these have to be looted after throwing a bomb into the ice hole.

</doc>
<doc id="119577" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119577" title="Information for Tournament Participants">
Information for Tournament Participants

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Information for Tournament Participants&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;10 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;cg700_letter_merchants&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Information for Tournament Participants is a document and a quest item in the "Blood and Wine" expansion. Reading it starts the quest, if not done already.
Copies of it can be found in the following locations:
 "Dear Fellow Gwent Lovers,"
 "Allow me to present myself: Count Monnier, the organizer of this gwent tournament. As you most probably know, I have introduced a new faction to our beloved game - Skellige. I am convinced this step shall add variety to our pastime, further perfecting its perfection. I shall be delighted if you choose to play this faction during our event."
 "Good luck and good gwent to you all!"

</doc>
<doc id="119580" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119580" title="To Geralt of Rivia">
To Geralt of Rivia

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;To Geralt of Rivia&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq7023_contract&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
To Geralt of Rivia is a cut content in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
It was originally meant appear on The Gran'place's notice board as a way to direct the player towards the messenger boy for the secondary quest Turn and Face the Strange. It is still in the game files, but can't be obtained without the use of console commands or mods. Instead, the courier can simply approach Geralt at multiple squares around Hauteville instead of the (unknown) Ludovic Square.
 "The witcher Geralt of Rivia is requested to rendez-vous with our courier at Ludovic Square so that he may be given a very important letter. The matter is urgent!"

</doc>
<doc id="119594" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119594" title="Letter to Horm">
Letter to Horm

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Letter to Horm&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Book&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;10 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;sq701_horm_note&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Letter to Horm is a document in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
It can be found in Horm Akerspaark's tent in Tourney Grounds, but only if the war hasn't finished yet in "".
"Brother Dearest,We wanted to send you a few words to get you motivate for the tourney! Drink a sea of wine for us and kiss every beautiful lady you can grab! We needn't add our wishes for you to win that silly tourney, for that goes without saying. You will win, it's certain!"
"Your Loving Brothers,OrmGormTormand Gonzalez"

</doc>
<doc id="119603" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119603" title="Bullet thrower">
Bullet thrower



</doc>
<doc id="119604" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119604" title="Orders written on elegant stationery">
Orders written on elegant stationery

 &lt;ns&gt;0&lt;/ns&gt;
 &lt;revision&gt;
 &lt;parentid&gt;569303&lt;/parentid&gt;
 &lt;timestamp&gt;2022-10-08T21:23:13Z&lt;/timestamp&gt;
 &lt;contributor&gt;
 &lt;username&gt;NarfBG&lt;/username&gt;
 &lt;/contributor&gt;
 &lt;comment&gt;Sorry about this; please delete this page&lt;/comment&gt;
 &lt;origin&gt;569306&lt;/origin&gt;
 &lt;model&gt;wikitext&lt;/model&gt;
 &lt;format&gt;text/x-wiki&lt;/format&gt;
Page created erroneously.

</doc>
<doc id="119609" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119609" title="Key to Villa Vedette">
Key to Villa Vedette

 &lt;ns&gt;0&lt;/ns&gt;
 &lt;revision&gt;
 &lt;parentid&gt;592864&lt;/parentid&gt;
 &lt;timestamp&gt;2023-12-05T03:14:56Z&lt;/timestamp&gt;
 &lt;contributor&gt;
 &lt;username&gt;Witcher Bot&lt;/username&gt;
 &lt;/contributor&gt;
 &lt;minor/&gt;
 &lt;comment&gt;/* top */clean up&lt;/comment&gt;
 &lt;origin&gt;599595&lt;/origin&gt;
 &lt;model&gt;wikitext&lt;/model&gt;
 &lt;format&gt;text/x-wiki&lt;/format&gt;
Key to Villa Vedette is a quest item and key in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
It is dropped, together with orders for Ruben, by one of the bandits encountered at Villa Vedette during the secondary quest Knight for Hire (also a location for ), and it unlocks the estate's front door.

</doc>
<doc id="119616" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119616" title="Power cell">
Power cell

 &lt;ns&gt;0&lt;/ns&gt;
 &lt;revision&gt;
 &lt;parentid&gt;585964&lt;/parentid&gt;
 &lt;timestamp&gt;2023-12-05T03:37:27Z&lt;/timestamp&gt;
 &lt;contributor&gt;
 &lt;username&gt;Witcher Bot&lt;/username&gt;
 &lt;/contributor&gt;
 &lt;minor/&gt;
 &lt;comment&gt;/* top */clean up&lt;/comment&gt;
 &lt;origin&gt;600406&lt;/origin&gt;
 &lt;model&gt;wikitext&lt;/model&gt;
 &lt;format&gt;text/x-wiki&lt;/format&gt;
Power cell is a quest item in "".
There are two obtainable power cells, both in Philippa Eilhart's hideout at Est Tayiar during Redania's Most Wanted. They are to be placed in slots and activated with Aard in order to activate portals. The first one is given to Geralt by the witch hunter who he meets inside, while the second needs to be recovered from nekkers who have stolen it.

</doc>
<doc id="119620" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119620" title="On the Slaying of Bloodslurpers">
On the Slaying of Bloodslurpers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;On the Slaying of Bloodslurpers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Book&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;10 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q703_killing_vampires&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
On the Slaying of Bloodslurpers is a book in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
It is likely associated with the main quest Wine is Sacred, as during its start Damien de la Tour basically quotes excerpts from it. However, for unknown reasons it has been cut from the game and cannot be obtained by normal means.
 "The fiendish slurpers of blood——the vampyres, so-called——the dead and yet alive, called by others——are cunning beasts——verily, some suspect they even reason and converse——yet beasts they remain. These vampyres lead solitary existences——even their beastly and abominable ilk, they shun. The bloodslurpers are not idly named, for the blood of other beings is their bread. They hack apart their victims with sharp claws——daggers, in truth, though of one with their flesh. Upon feasting thus they grow in foul force and can turn into flying rats——gaining these animals' keen hearing and also a sense of smell to match that of hound or hind."
 "It is our luck seasoned hunters of bloodslurpers know ruses with which to trick these horrors and slay them without excessive risk. To kill a vampire easily and surely, it is enough to lure him into the light of the sun. He will then disintegrate into a fine dust at once, ready to be scattered to the four corners of the earth by the next gust. Yet well-advised is it to further equip oneself with garlic, lest the horror crawl too close and strike out at the hunter with its dagger-claws. Vampyres fear garlic with all-consuming terror——the mere smell of it reduces them to violent heaving and sobbing. In this moment should the hunter pound into the beast's heart a sharpened stake——the second best weapon (the first being the sun) for killing of the bloodslurpers."

</doc>
<doc id="119621" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119621" title="Letter to the ealdorman of Fox Hollow">
Letter to the ealdorman of Fox Hollow

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Letter to the ealdorman of Fox Hollow&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Book&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;10 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;poi_gor_d_06_note05&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Letter to the ealdorman of Fox Hollow is a cut content book in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
Obviously somehow related to Fox Hollow, and very likely to The Curse of Carnarvon quest as well. It exists in the game files and can be obtained through console commands, but for unknown reasons doesn't appear during gameplay.
 "Dear ealdorman,I was to write you upon reaching Belhaven. I've reached it. So I write you. I am safe, healthy. No one followed me. No one asked about anything. Why would they? That whole Ogzenfurt[] is in a land far, far away, up North. That's what we planned, I'll cool up here a while and be back some time before winter, things should have calmed down, then. What's key is for folk in the village keep their mouths shut right. They do that, how will anyone find out he even made it to Fox Hollow? He could've been killed by vandaguilders along the way, could he not? Just go tell Séverin to pour quicklime down that hole and drop in a torch, just in case. Quicklime, that'll do the trick, turn both that smarty-trousers' body and those old skeletons into molten sludge in a snap. For who bumblazes knows when the next scholar will show? I hope you go back to selling those pots quick, because I left in a hurry, with a much lighter pouch than I'd like, and I don't intend to leech off my brother-in-law much longer.Ives Winnoc"

</doc>
<doc id="119622" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119622" title="Vassily">
Vassily



</doc>
<doc id="119623" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119623" title="Unsent vineyard worker's letter">
Unsent vineyard worker's letter

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Unsent vineyard worker's letter&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq7018_workers_letter_basilisk_dead&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Unsent vineyard worker's letter is a document and a quest item in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
It can be found on the edge of the small pond at Coronata Vineyard, but only if Geralt killed Iocaste during Mutual of Beauclair's Wild Kingdom.
"Dearest Mumsy,"
"Thank you for the overcoat you sent, it shall surely come in handy."
"I am healthy and in full strength, never worry."
"We've awful troubles at the manor. Our count's taken ill with a pained soul. Some dratted witcher came into his woods and butchered his pet. This pet was was no hound or even a hind, but – get this – a basilisk! So it should not have come as a great surprise a witcher did it in, though it was odd he had help, from some Reavers, they were called.The count walks around, head hung, crying all the while, and everyone at the manor's in a sort of mourning. I know, you'll say who's ever heard of mourning a monster, but thing is, a man in pain's a man in pain, it hurts the heart to watch, whatever his reason. I hope he gets it together soon, for no one's looking after the estate's affairs."
"I send you warm embraces and hope you remember if things ever get bad where you're at, just come join me, I've already arranged a position for you with Count di Salvaress, and a nice one, too, indoors. He's a good man and even honest, for a count and an eccentric. I hope he shakes off these doldrums and will keep his word, if it comes to it."
"Big Kisses, Your Eddie"

</doc>
<doc id="119625" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119625" title="Vineyard Worker's Letter">
Vineyard Worker's Letter



</doc>
<doc id="119630" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119630" title="The Witcher Remake">
The Witcher Remake

The Witcher Remake is an upcoming remake of the first "The Witcher" game. Officially announced on October 26, 2022, it's being developed by Fool's Theory with CD PROJEKT RED providing full creative supervision. The game will be open-world.
Development.
The title was being worked on under the codename "Canis Majoris" and is being rebuilt using Unreal Engine 5.

</doc>
<doc id="119641" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119641" title="Thrum">
Thrum

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Thrum&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Thrum was a barbarian warlord who claimed a mountain region in or near Yamurlak as his realm. Commanding over giants, ogres, cyclopses, trolls, and other ogroids, he enforced a cruel regime from his throne of bones.
Legacy.
Having defeated the Mountain King, Alzur collected his blood in a flask as a powerful potion. Some time after Thrum's demise, his valley kingdom was inherited by Chrum, a giant with a more reformist mindset.

</doc>
<doc id="119646" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119646" title="Brandon">
Brandon

Brandon ran and operated Brandon &amp; Co., Inc., the largest granary in Novigrad in 1272.
Biography.
As his business involved storing grains, as a side effect, rats turned up in his warehouse. He put up a job listing, seeking help to get rid of them and Triss Merigold, in hiding from the witch hunters like all the other mages in the city and desperate for money, answered the listing and revealed who she was to secure the job in the competitive market. He then contacted the witch hunters regarding this development.
Brandon waited for the appointed time outside his warehouse near the Fish Market, though was a bit surprised another had joined her for the task. After discussing the details and payment, he let them inside to clear out his rat infestation while he secretly fetched the witch hunters. Once the rats were cleared out, he brought the witch hunters inside to take care of the sorceress and witcher. However, Geralt and Triss held their own and killed off the witch hunters before confronting Brandon outside, who revealed the witch hunters forced him to corporate, otherwise they'd have set his home and warehouse on fire. Geralt demanded he pay double the amount and Brandon hastily did so before running off. He later told his business partners he'd been robbed and thus, didn't have the money to continue paying for a sculpture being sold by Yaromir.

</doc>
<doc id="119655" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119655" title="Bukhala">
Bukhala



</doc>
<doc id="119656" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119656" title="House of Korber">
House of Korber

"I shall organize, see to everything and whip the house into order."&lt;br&gt;This article is currently under construction for major revisions. We ask that edits to this article are only minor or grammatical in nature until this warning is removed in order to not disrupt the major revamp. Should you have any questions regarding the revamp, consult the for more info.
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;House of Korber&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="country"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Country&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="residence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Residence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="title"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="founder"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Progenitor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="related"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Related families&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="final"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Last member&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loyalty"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loyalty&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;House of Korber was a minor noble family from the East March that rose to prominence during Audoen's reign.

</doc>
<doc id="119695" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119695" title="Arthur">
Arthur

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Arthur&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Arthur is the king of Camelot, and the ruler of other various kingdoms. He is mentioned by his knight Galahad to the newly-arrived Ciri, who speaks of his liege with utmost reverence. 
Arthur is mentioned by Galahad when introducing himself to the young Ciri, who explains that Arthur is the Lord of Camelot, among other titles. Galahad eventually convinces Ciri to come with him to see Arthur, if not at least speak to their wizard Merlin.

</doc>
<doc id="119698" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119698" title="Patch 4.0 (The Witcher 3)">
Patch 4.0 (The Witcher 3)

◄ Previous | Next ►
Patch 4.0 for "" was released for PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X on December 14, 2022 as a free next-gen update, with a later update to come for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
"On December 14th the free next-gen update is coming to PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X|S. The update will go live at 1 AM CET for PC &amp; Xbox Series X|S, and midnight local time for PlayStation 5. It will include various visual, performance, and technical enhancements, as well as fixes and additional content. PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Nintendo Switch will also receive an update — the specific patch notes and date will be announced at a later time. (NOTE: scope of the updates may vary between the platforms — please read the patch notes for more details)"
Changes.
After the update your game version will be 4.0. Below you'll find the list of changes:
Gameplay.
Remember – these are just the highlights! There are lots of changes in this update, so check them out for yourself in the game!

</doc>
<doc id="119716" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119716" title="Dol Blathanna Armor Set">
Dol Blathanna Armor Set

Dol Blathanna Armor Set was introduced as a reward with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0, for owning or upgrading to "" - Complete Edition.
It appears alongside the White Tiger of the West Armor Set and the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window.

</doc>
<doc id="119717" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119717" title="Armor of a Thousand Flowers">
Armor of a Thousand Flowers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Armor of a Thousand Flowers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;4.77 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Dol Blathanna Armor&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Armor of a Thousand Flowers is a medium armor and part of the Dol Blathanna Armor Set for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the White Tiger of the West Armor Set and the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen.

</doc>
<doc id="119718" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119718" title="Boots of a Thousand Flowers">
Boots of a Thousand Flowers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Boots of a Thousand Flowers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.71 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Dol Blathanna Boots&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Boots of a Thousand Flowers are medium armor boots and part of the Dol Blathanna Armor Set for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the White Tiger of the West Armor Set and the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen.

</doc>
<doc id="119719" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119719" title="Trousers of a Thousand Flowers">
Trousers of a Thousand Flowers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Trousers of a Thousand Flowers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.36 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Dol Blathanna Pants&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Trousers of a Thousand Flowers are medium armor trousers and part of the Dol Blathanna Armor Set for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the White Tiger of the West Armor Set and the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen.

</doc>
<doc id="119720" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119720" title="Gauntlets of a Thousand Flowers">
Gauntlets of a Thousand Flowers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Gauntlets of a Thousand Flowers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.81 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Dol Blathanna Gloves&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Gauntlets of a Thousand Flowers are medium armor gauntlets and part of the Dol Blathanna Armor Set for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the White Tiger of the West Armor Set and the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen.

</doc>
<doc id="119721" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119721" title="White Widow of the Valley of Flowers">
White Widow of the Valley of Flowers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;White Widow of the Valley of Flowers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.41 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; White Widow of Dol BlathannaNGP White Widow of Dol Blathanna &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
White Widow of the Valley of Flowers is a silver sword and part of the Dol Blathanna Armor Set for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the White Tiger of the West Armor Set and the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen.

</doc>
<doc id="119722" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119722" title="Sword of a Thousand Flowers">
Sword of a Thousand Flowers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Sword of a Thousand Flowers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.91 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Dol Blathanna longswordNGP Dol Blathanna longsword &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Sword of a Thousand Flowers is a steel sword and part of the Dol Blathanna Armor Set for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the White Tiger of the West Armor Set and the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen.

</doc>
<doc id="119723" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119723" title="White Tiger of the West Armor Set">
White Tiger of the West Armor Set

 White Tiger of the West Armor Set was introduced as a reward with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0, for owning or upgrading to "" - Complete Edition.
It appears alongside the Dol Blathanna Armor Set set and the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window.

</doc>
<doc id="119724" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119724" title="Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen">
Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen



</doc>
<doc id="119725" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119725" title="Nine-Tailed Vixen silver sword">
Nine-Tailed Vixen silver sword

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Nine-Tailed Vixen silver sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.41 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Silver Vixen&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Nine-Tailed Vixen silver sword is a silver sword and part of the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the White Tiger of the West Armor Set and the Dol Blathanna Armor Set.

</doc>
<doc id="119726" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119726" title="Nine-Tailed Vixen steel sword">
Nine-Tailed Vixen steel sword

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Nine-Tailed Vixen steel sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.91 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Steel Vixen&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Nine-Tailed Vixen steel sword is a steel sword and part of the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the White Tiger of the West Armor Set and the Dol Blathanna Armor Set.

</doc>
<doc id="119727" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119727" title="White Tiger of the West armor">
White Tiger of the West armor

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;White Tiger of the West armor&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;4.77 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;White Tiger Armor&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
White Tiger of the West armor is a medium armor and part of the White Tiger of the West Armor Set for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen and the Dol Blathanna Armor Set.

</doc>
<doc id="119728" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119728" title="White Tiger of the West trousers">
White Tiger of the West trousers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;White Tiger of the West trousers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.36 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;White Tiger Pants&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
White Tiger of the West armor are medium armor trousers and part of the White Tiger of the West Armor Set for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen and the Dol Blathanna Armor Set.

</doc>
<doc id="119729" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119729" title="White Tiger of the West boots">
White Tiger of the West boots

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;White Tiger of the West boots&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.71 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;White Tiger Boots&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
White Tiger of the West boots are medium armor boots and part of the White Tiger of the West Armor Set for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen and the Dol Blathanna Armor Set.

</doc>
<doc id="119730" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119730" title="White Tiger of the West vambraces">
White Tiger of the West vambraces

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;White Tiger of the West vambraces&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.81 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;White Tiger Gloves&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
White Tiger of the West vambraces are medium armor gauntlets and part of the White Tiger of the West Armor Set for '. It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition.
The entire set can be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima, in a chest under a window, along with the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen and the Dol Blathanna Armor Set.

</doc>
<doc id="119731" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119731" title="Roach (gwent card)">
Roach (gwent card)

&lt;infobox theme-source="deck"&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Roach (gwent card)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;caption source="caption" /&gt;&lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="9"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="deck"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Deck&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Neutral&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="icon"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Icon&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="row"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Row&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="strength"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Str.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="discards"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Discards&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="provisions"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Prov.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tags"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tag(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="rarity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rarity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Special Ability&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="spec_ability" /&gt;
 &lt;data source="reach"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reach&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cooldown"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cooldown&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Source&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Value&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Roach is a neutral close combat gwent card in "".
It was released on December 14, 2022 as part of Patch 4.0, the next-gen update, for owning or upgrading to ' - Complete Edition and having played the standalone '.

</doc>
<doc id="119735" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119735" title="Red Miasmal">
Red Miasmal

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Red Miasmal&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Red Miasmal is a unique type of specter introduced in "" through the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
"It is often said the darkest recesses of caves play home to the Continent's most fearsome monsters against which there is little of hope of victory or escape. The long solution, then, is to seal them off from the world with the hope that they shall forever remain buried."
"A certain priest of the Eternal Fire, however, learned that hope and prayer is sometimes not enough. The cavernous mind within Devil's Pit holds a specter whose very existence is believed to breed pestilence. With the threat of its release now imminent, the cleric seeks a new solution – the aid of a witcher.The being that haunted Devil's Pit turned out to be a red miasmal. Whereas a plague maiden is thought to be a damned spirit—once human but now cursed to spread the pestilence—a miasmal, by contrast, is considered an evil force born from the concentrated collective suffering of plague victims. It has the ability to possess human bodies thus granting it corporeal form and a means to wreak havoc. This process, however, irreparably corrupts and damages the host, causing the miasmal to continuously seek out stronger, more durable bodies. What cruel irony, then, that a witcher's immunity makes the monster slayer a perfect shell for the specter to invade and control."
"Fortunately, a red miasmal's power is not so absolute that it cannot be defeated by an experienced witcher – though even then only with considerable effort. The specter, once weakened, can be trapped with with the Yrden Sign then expelled from the host's body with Aard, thus creating an opening in which to defeat it. Consuming Reinald's Philter offers an advantage by increasing the intensity of witcher Signs."
Combat tactics.
The miasmal uses the basic template of a hym, but in combat is more similar to a leshen, but instead of summoning wolves, it summons undead plague victims.

</doc>
<doc id="119737" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119737" title="In the Eternal Fire's Shadow">
In the Eternal Fire's Shadow

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt; In the Eternal Fire's Shadow&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;In the Eternal Fire's Shadow&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Secondary quest&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
In the Eternal Fire's Shadow is a secondary quest in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Walkthrough.
The quest is given by a young Eternal Fire deacon just outside Devil's Pit in Velen, who's just finished his studies and is intent on helping people. In this case, he wishes to have the abandoned mine system at the Devil's Pit cleared of whatever horrors it contains from way back when the Eternal Fire used it to isolate scarlet fog victims. Depending if you've already done Funeral Pyres or not, you can bring up what happened there if you learned the truth about that priest, but this won't have an effect in this conversation. The young deacon won't have much information to give you about the job but once you accept, will give you the key to unlock the mine's gate.
The first area, to the right up in the small shack, you'll find Reinald's note discussing the situation and his guesses. Continuing further, at the next set of doors into the mine, you'll find his first letter pinned there, revealing Reinald's also a witcher. As you open these doors, you'll hear a voice call out to you asking you to hurry and help them as torches light up to guide you.
"Note:" While the magic lamp can be used at multiple locations in this mine, it's entirely optional as it just gives some insight into the events that happened there, as there's no speaking voices and it won't open up extra dialogue for later.
At this point you can either go into the small shack in front of you or proceed down the steps as the voice is trying to get you to do. If you want to look around though, use your Witcher Senses to notice the old School of the Wolf insignia on the shack in front of you and then, inside the shack in the back right room, you'll find some bones emitting a red light that you can examine. If you went into the shack, when you exit the voice gets angry and demands you to hurry up as it makes the barrels in the cart fly off.
Head down the stairs and you'll find a split path, where the voice tries to guide you to the right, but you'll likely notice immediately on the left path a crawling corpse, which Geralt will remark on. It'll disappear shortly where you examine the wolf insignia on the left path's floor.
At this point you have a few options here: explore the mine to the left to learn more of the background story, or go right as the voice demands. If you just want to finish the quest quickly, you can go right without any dire consequences (as long as you select the right dialogue choices at the end), though you won't get access to Reinald's Philter, which might be helpful if you're at a low level for this quest. Note also the mines will be locked again at the end of this quest, so if you want to do any exploring, you need to do it during this quest.
If you went right immediately, you'll soon enter a slightly large shack area where 4 non-hostile beings similar to the one you saw are standing around. Proceed through and up the stairs and jump across to the large doors here, where Reinald's fifth letter is pinned. Entering it, you'll see Reinald pinned in some of the salt stalagmites, calling out to you to destroy the stalagmites to free him. Once you destroy them with Aard, this is the point of no return so this is your last chance to explore before you do.
Meeting Reinald.
The dialogue that happens next, once you free him, varies if you explored or not. If you explored around and made Reinald's Philter, he'll note his strength is fading and that the red miasmal has almost taken over. He'll then ask you to give the Philter to him so he can expel it. In this case, there's a few optional dialogue choices here to test him. If you offer him the potion, the real Reinald will break through for a bit and knocks it to the floor so it can't be used as he tells you the spirit has taken over. Otherwise if you choose to keep it, the real Reinald will warn you to drink it and finish the work he started. If you didn't explore, as soon as you free him, Reinald will instead begin to laugh and reveal it's not Reinald, but rather a possessed form of the witcher and begins to fight.
The first fight here with the possessed Reinald is fairly easy if you paid attention to the notes, otherwise the real Reinald will drop a hint of this during the fight. In particular, the easiest way to deal with him is to use both a Yrden trap and then Aard on the ensnared Reinald (about three times if full health) to defeat him and force the red miasmal out to fight. Otherwise, you can fight him with your sword, though this will take a bit longer as he likes to use Quen.
Once the miasmal is forced out, it'll then fight you directly, periodically teleporting around the room and summoning a couple plague victims to help it out. Note it'll continue to summon these at certain intervals in relation to its health meter, so you could end up in a room with the miasmal and four of the plague victims if you were primarily focused on damaging the miasmal and didn't kill the first set off.
Ending choices.
After it's defeated, Reinald's spirit will finally be free and will talk to you. You can ask to learn more about the witcher and how long he'd been trapped there. Regardless, as you wrap up your conversation he'll give you his armor and sword diagrams. However, his spirit is obviously restless and needs to find peace before he can leave the world, or you could just burn his body to force him to depart. In this case, you can either choose to bring the deacon to him or burn the body right away. If you choose the latter, Reinald won't fight you.
If you wish to bring the young deacon to Reinald but have him live, the easiest way is to side with the deacon by pointing out he's innocent and he doesn't need the church to do good. The only dialogue branch off "the boy is innocent" route that would get him killed is if you didn't use any of the optional conversations and then said that the crimes couldn't be forgiven.
However, if you don't mention the priest that stayed behind beforehand (only given if you explored and learned of this) and then say Reinald is right, Reinald will kill the deacon regardless of your subsequent choices. In this case, the only way to save him on the "Reinald is right" dialogue branch is by mentioning that priest beforehand, asking what Reinald would do, and then say that the young deacon doesn't need the church.
There's also a third main option that'll show up if Funeral Pyres wasn't done (or didn't learn the truth about that priest) where Geralt can instead say not all priests are bad (this is a different option from the optional mention of the one that stayed in the mines), but this will lead to the deacon's death as well regardless of the next dialogue choices.
"While passing the infamous Devil's Pit, Geralt overheard the desperate pleas of prayer - a prayer he answered."
"A young deacon of the Church of the Eternal Fire asked the witcher for aid. It turned out a gang of deserters had taken hold of an abandoned mine, now long haunted by a mysterious specter thought to spread pestilence. Geralt must deal with this plague spirit or risk releasing it unto the world." 
If Geralt brings the priest but couldn't get Reinald to let go of the past:
"Three hundred long years had filled Reinald with bitterness and spite. He was driven by a singular goal: to exact revenge on the Church of the Eternal Fire in any way he could, no matter the cost. Shortly after meeting with the young cleric, the witcher's ghost murdered the lad in cold blood, destroying his own essence in the process."
"In a peculiar twist of fate, it turned out Reinald, a witcher of the Wolf School, had already been possessed by the red miasmal for hundreds of years. Fortunately, Geralt managed to defeat the specter, thus freeing the soul of his ancient brother in arms."
If Geralt brings the priest and got Reinald to let go of the past:
"With the young cleric's aid, Geralt managed to quell Reinald's anger and help him find peace at long last."
If Geralt refuses to bring the priest to Reinald:
"Geralt dared not risk another life at Reinald's word. Instead, he salted and burned the witcher's body to destroy his tormented ghost, thus preventing it from ever becoming a vengeful wraith."

</doc>
<doc id="119746" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119746" title="Reinald">
Reinald

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Reinald&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Reinald was a witcher from of the School of the Wolf active around the late 900s before he disappeared.
Biography.
TBA
"Reinald's story is one of tragedy. A young witcher who trained in the early years of the School of the Wolf, who explored the world with a curious mind and an eagerness to help others, and who ultimately accepted a contract he would not survive. Possessed by a red miasmal and locked away in the mines of Devil's Pit by the very priests of the Eternal Fire who had hired him, Reinald displayed tremendous strength in resisting the specter's will. He imprisoned himself and the miasmal in the salt cavern where he would remain as his life slowly slipped into darkness and sorrow. The plague spirit's presence kept the witcher's body in a state of undying, while Reinald held onto the sliver of hope that his dear friend would one day come to his rescue. But days turned to weeks, turned to years, turned to centuries..."
If Geralt refused to bring the priest to him:
"Ultimately, Reinald's end proved no dark grim than the long road leading to it. Geralt defeated the red miasmal and burned the witcher's body, thus forcing his embittered ghost to depart the world."
If Geralt could not get him to let go of his anger:
"In the end, vengeance became Reinald's means of deliverance. He succumbed to the anger and bitterness that had swelled in him over these many years lost to time. By killing the young deacon from the Church of the Eternal Fire, the long-dead witcher cut the final tether that bound his spirit to this world, then vanished from the vale."
If Geralt was able to get him to let go of his anger:
"The wait ended at last with a conversation between the witchers and the young deacon. Geralt had defeated the red miasmal and convinced Reinald that even a cleric of the Eternal Fire was capable of recognizing the Church's heinous mistakes. After witnessing the deacon's sincere regret for the sins of his predecessors, Reinald was able to depart in peace."

</doc>
<doc id="119749" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119749" title="Osmund's notes">
Osmund's notes

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Osmund's notes&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_armor_osmund_note&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Osmund's notes is a quest item and book in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
After completing the secondary quest In the Eternal Fire's Shadow, it can be found in Kaer Morhen keep on a bookshelf on the upper platform to the left of the main doors, along with Vesemir's note.
"A breakthrough! Oh how I've long awaited this day."
"The experimental armor Reinald is working on has proved undeniably more durable than the wolf school standard. We initially thought it impossible to improve the design without adding unreasonable weight, but recent trials have demonstrated we only lacked the right materials. I'm traveling to Novigrad soon to meet with him. We have much to discuss and new modifications to test. All the details are scribbled below. When I return, I'll add Reinald's diagrams to my own ideas here for the final draft."

</doc>
<doc id="119750" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119750" title="Vesemir's note">
Vesemir's note

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Vesemir's note&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_armor_vesemir_note&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Vesemir's note is a quest item and document in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
After completing the secondary quest In the Eternal Fire's Shadow, it can be found in Kaer Morhen keep on a bookshelf on the upper platform to the left of the main doors, along with Osmund's notes.
"These ideas for gear improvement are useless. What a damned shame. According to chronicles from the end of the tenth century, Osmund suffered a severe head wound and never reached Novigrad. When he regained consciousness, the school's leader confirmed permanent damage had set in. His ability to speak, even communicate simply, was all but completely lost. With Reinald and the armor diagrams still missing, I will leave these notes here for their historical value. It's the only value they have left."

</doc>
<doc id="119751" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119751" title="Letter found in Yennefer's chest">
Letter found in Yennefer's chest

Letter found in Yennefer's chest is a document and quest item in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0. It has 2 versions:
Dol Blathanna.
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Letter found in Yennefer's chest&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;ngu_gear_letter_db&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This version can be seen when a new game has been started after the game has already been updated to Patch 4.0.
It's found in Yennefer's room in Vizima in a chest under a window, along with the Dol Blathanna Armor Set, the White Tiger of the West Armor Set, and the Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen.
"My Dear Friend,"
"If you're reading this, it means you've found the chest I mentioned in my previous letter. You'll be pleased to know its contents belong to you."
"After I spoke with the emperor regarding additional resources to aid in our quest, he was willing to part with these items from his personal collection. The armor from Dol Blathanna is a rare piece that marries the strengths of Nilfgaardian and elven craftsmanship. Apparently, Francesca accepted Emhyr's offer of Nilfgaardian plate for her forces. Though, despite his attempt to significantly bolster an ally on the fringes of the Northern Realms, only a portion of his aid ever reached its destination. To no one's great surprise, the elves were unimpressed with what human steel they did receive and thus refashioned the armor to their liking. You'll finally have the opportunity to masquerade as the Queen of Dol Blathanna's personal guard. It's a dream I know you speak of often."
"As for the second set of armor, the emperor proved far more cryptic. He claims they were diplomatic gifts from distant kingdoms. The tiger armor is specifically designed to suit a western ruler – obviously Emhyr in this case. It was forged in the ancient style of a blacksmith who stole the secrets of its construction from their gods... Or so the legend goes."
"And finally, the swords (to my eye they resemble a Redanian saber, though I'm no expert). These blades supposedly once belonged to a hero of myth and mystery. The man forged a pact with a vixen spirit and, through her blessing, was granted the ability to slay the monsters that had long plagued his village. As you can see, he carried both a steel and silver sword – a fact I thought might pique your interest."
"Unfortunately, legends are all I can offer. Emhyr was stingy with the details – even more so than usual. It's a shame because I must admit I haven't the faintest idea where they might originate. That being said, I do believe Zerrikania and Ofier can be ruled out."
"Dear friend, I trust you appreciate my efforts to help. Use these gifts as you see fit. I hope they will hasten your search for that which we have lost."
"Your friend, Yennefer"
White Tiger of the West.
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Letter found in Yennefer's chest&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;ngu_gear_letter_ck&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This shorter version can be seen when a pre-Patch 4.0 save is loaded.
It is found in the same chest as the other version, but in this case only the White Tiger of the West Armor Set will be alongside it in the chest, while the Dol Blathanna Armor Set will have been automatically added to the inventory.
"My Dear Friend,"
"If you're reading this, it means you've found the chest I mentioned in my previous letter. You'll be pleased to know its contents belong to you."
"After I spoke with the emperor regarding additional resources to aid in your quest, he was willing to part with these items from his personal collection. Although he was stubbornly cryptic regarding their origins, he did mention they were diplomatic gifts from distant kingdoms. The tiger armor is specifically designed to suit a western ruler – obviously Emhyr in this case. It was forged in the ancient style of a blacksmith who stole the secrets of its construction from their gods... Or so the legend goes. The swords, to my eye, resemble a Redanian saber, though I'm no expert. These blades supposedly once belonged to a hero of myth and mystery. The man forged a pact with a vixen spirit and, through her blessing, was granted the ability to slay the monsters that had long plagued his village. As you'll notice, he carried both a steel and silver sword – a fact I thought might pique your interest."
"Unfortunately, legends are all I can offer. As I said, Emhyr was stingy with the details – even more so than usual. It's a shame because I must admit I haven't the faintest idea where they might originate. That being said, I do believe Zerrikania and Ofier can be ruled out."
"Dear friend, I trust you will appreciate my efforts to help. Use these gifts as you see fit. I hope they will hasten your search for that which we have lost."
"Your friend, Yennefer"

</doc>
<doc id="119752" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119752" title="Letter with Yennefer's instructions">
Letter with Yennefer's instructions

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Letter with Yennefer's instructions&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;ngu_gear_intro_letter&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Letter with Yennefer's instructions is a document and quest item in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It's given automatically to one's inventory to direct them on how to find the new armor sets added in with the update (which can all be found in Yennefer's room in Vizima in a chest under a window).
"My Dear Friend,"
"I had a feeling we wouldn't have a chance to talk before Vizima, so I leave you this message. I know there's much we both wish to say, but there will come a time for that later. In any case, a letter is no place to broach topics of such importance to us both."
"So, why I write you now: you have something waiting for you at the royal palace in Vizima. Consider it a gift from Emhyr and myself. You can pick it up at your leisure after your audience with him. When you exit the throne room, simply follow the covered walkway in the courtyard, turning right at the corner, then take the first door on your left. You'll be inside a chamber with a fireplace. Take the door in the back right to the adjoining room. There, under the window, you'll find the chest with your gift. But in case these directions prove too complicated for you, I'm certain the chamberlain would not hesitate to lead you there himself. Expert tracker that you are, however, I expect you'll manage."
"Your friend, Yennefer"

</doc>
<doc id="119753" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119753" title="Key to Devil's Pit">
Key to Devil's Pit

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Key to Devil's Pit&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_key_to_pit&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Key to Devil's Pit is a key and quest item in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It's needed to unlock the abandoned mine system at Devil's Pit and given by the young deacon at the start of the quest. Once the quest completes, this is removed from the inventory and the mine system is re-locked, making the tunnels inaccessible once more.

</doc>
<doc id="119754" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119754" title="Reinald's note">
Reinald's note

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Reinald's note&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_note_ab_plague_victims&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Reinald's note is a document in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It's found just inside the Devil's Pit mine, on a table in the shack to the right. Besite it is also a greater Glyph of Yrden
"Dear O."
"If hope this message finds you well. Beware the beings that lurk the mine. Took them for plague spirits of some type at first, but they behave all too human, just stupefied in some strange way. A novel ghoul species? Wraiths? A manifestation of concentrated suffering? Whatever the case, they haven't tried to hurt me (much). Still, I advise caution."
"Watch for the ones pierced by nails - they seem especially dangerous. Was forced to kill one when it attacked. I assumed it was a ghoul, but its viscera were fully and undeniably human. That said, most of the organs were badly damaged - symptoms of a blood fever. Couldn't understand how he was still alive. I suspect now it must have been some form of possession - something that twisted his form, and then - for reasons unknown - departed. I gathered samples our mentors ought to see. Have I discovered a new species? Curious to hear your thoughts."
"Reinald"
"PS - I put Master Alger's hypothesis to the test on some of them. He was right. Scattered salt has no effect – only a complete enclosure seems to hold them in place. But it must be complete – pure salt, no gaps – for it to work properly."

</doc>
<doc id="119755" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119755" title="First letter from Reinald">
First letter from Reinald

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;First letter from Reinald&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_first_letter&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
First letter from Reinald is a document in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It is found pinned to a gate inside the Devil's Pit mine, at the start of In the Eternal Fire's Shadow.
"Dear O."
"If you're reading this, it means you found the message I stowed near Novigrad as agreed. Probably wondering to yourself: who was right? You'll be happy to know... you were. I'll only acknowledge it this once, so go on - savor the moment. But I digress - although the contract seemed easy enough, I should've waited for your arrival. How many times now have we made that mistake, hm?"
"I think I've contracted something, fallen ill somehow. And yes, I know that's impossible. But I have no other way to explain my fever and lapses in memory. Here's hoping I have a uniquely weak constitution for a witcher, because if not, I find the alternative explanation far more concerning. But if somehow the worst were to happen, I've prepared some notes for you. I marked each location with our insignia - you can't miss them."
"For now, I'll experiment with a potion similar to Petri's Philter, though I lack celandine. With any luck I'll find some in the grasses surrounding Devil's Pit - that, or I'll have to substitute sewant mushrooms. If all goes well, you won't even have to read this. If all goes poorly — but it won't! — I'll store the recipe and ingredients for you. Again, just in case, because you'll never need to read this."
"Reinald"

</doc>
<doc id="119756" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119756" title="Second letter from Reinald">
Second letter from Reinald

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Second letter from Reinald&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_second_letter&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Second letter from Reinald is a document in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It's found near Reinald's box of ingredients for making his own potion, Reinald's Philter, during the secondary quest In the Eternal Fire's Shadow.
"Dear O."
"The whoresons! They locked me in! First they ask for aid, then, without hesitation, pen me in like a rabid mutt at the first sign of trouble. They wouldn't even hear my report, thought me a specter trying to deceive them. Fuck that cult and their "common good" horseshit. How can I help the common good if I can't get the herbs I need? Speaking of, the sewant mushrooms won't do the trick. I already checked. Turns out the worst-case scenario is true. I'm not sick after all - I'm possessed."
"The specter has fully fused into my body. Not even Quen has an effect. If only I had the right ingredients, I could brew my philter, intensify my signs and expel the filth with a combination of Yrden and Aard. But as I said, the cocksuckers won't fucking let me!"
"Guess you'll be reading these letters after all... I'll be waiting deep in the caverns. Make the potion but DO NOT COME NEAR ME UNTIL YOU DRINK IT. And don't substitute any ingredients or the red miasmal will possess you too."
"Strange... "miasmal"? What is that? How do I know it?"
"Dwarven spiritCelandine (not sewant mushrooms!)Contents of the chest"
"Reinald"

</doc>
<doc id="119758" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119758" title="Reinald's Philter">
Reinald's Philter

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Reinald's Philter&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Potion&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;300 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Signs EnhancementReinaldsPhiltre&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Reinald's Philter is a potion and quest item in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
The formula can be learned during In the Eternal Fire's Shadow if one finds and reads Reinald's second letter.
Crafting Requirements 
Dwarven spirit× 1 Dwarven spirit × 1
Celandine× 4 Celandine × 4
Reinald's Secret Ingredient× 1 Reinald's Secret Ingredient × 1
There are actually two versions of this item, with the quest item one (ID: "Signs Enhancement") serving as a placeholder preventing the player from consuming the real one (ID: ReinaldsPhiltre, having 0 like a regular potion) before the scripted decision point in the quest. The actual effects, +15% Sign intensity and +10% stamina regeneration in combat, are only listed on the real potion, which is added and consumed during the cutscenes, and thus never visible to the player.

</doc>
<doc id="119759" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119759" title="Reinald's Secret Ingredient">
Reinald's Secret Ingredient

Reinald's Secret Ingredient is a quest item in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It is automatically looted when Geralt finds and reads Reinald's second letter that is needed to craft the witcher's own philter.

</doc>
<doc id="119760" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119760" title="Third letter from Reinald">
Third letter from Reinald

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Third letter from Reinald&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_witcher_discarded_note1&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Third letter from Reinald is a document in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It can be found inside the Devil's Pit mine during In the Eternal Fire's Shadow, just before a breakable wall after taking the left branch of the tunnels.
"O."
"Had to sit for a spell. The priests still won't open the gate and my strength is fading. My body feels like it's on fire. I have no memory of the past... hour? Day?"
"I'm trapped in this darkness, haunted by foolish thoughts with no way to distract myself."
"Remember when we learned to hunt ghouls? The folk in that village believed necrophages to be "the dead arisen", animated by foul magics. Hah!"
"Wanted to ask you what will happen if I fail here... but I've suddenly forgotten your name... Osmar, was it? Omunds. Amund?"
"Osmund, yes! Gods, it's so clear now, but for a moment then... nothing. A gaping hole in my memory. Not an inkling of who you are."
"Starting to think I will never leave this place."
"R."

</doc>
<doc id="119761" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119761" title="Fourth letter from Reinald">
Fourth letter from Reinald

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Fourth letter from Reinald&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_witcher_discarded_note2&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Fourth letter from Reinald is a document in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It can be found in the Devil's Pit mine system during In the Eternal Fire's Shadow, in a small dead end while following the School of the Wolf symbols.
"Osmund"
"something inside me - no signs of leavingcan hardly write, won't let megoing to die here"
"all aloneif you don't find me"
"R."

</doc>
<doc id="119762" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119762" title="Fifth letter from Reinald">
Fifth letter from Reinald

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Fifth letter from Reinald&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_third_letter&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Fifth letter from Reinald is a document in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It's found on the entrance door into the salt cavern in the Devil's Pit mine.
"O."
"shouted throat raw refused to let me outknow why now"
"Death everywhere"
"darkness blood corpses fresh and fetid, air thick with plagueConcentrated suffering created specter pestilence pain"
"a red miasmal - born from death young and old, rotted fleshalready inside me when entered cave"
"no strength to fightimprison salt cavern only chance"
"not sure who you will findprepare for anything"
"hurry only hope is you keeps me alive"
"hurry hurry hurryhurry hurr"
"HURRY"

</doc>
<doc id="119764" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119764" title="Nilfgaardian Helmet">
Nilfgaardian Helmet

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Nilfgaardian Helmet&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Masks&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.06 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Geralt mask Nilf&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Nilfgaardian Helmet is a mask in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It's found at the House of Respite by the far right window as you enter the house.

</doc>
<doc id="119765" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119765" title="Forgotten Wolven silver sword">
Forgotten Wolven silver sword

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Forgotten Wolven silver sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.16 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;481 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman blacksmith&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix silver swordNGP Netflix silver sword &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Forgotten Wolven silver sword is a craftable silver sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman blacksmith
Leather scraps× 2 Leather scraps × 2
Silver ingot× 3 Silver ingot × 3
Flawless ruby× 1 Flawless ruby × 1
Powdered monster tissue× 1 Powdered monster tissue × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119766" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119766" title="Forgotten Wolf School Gear">
Forgotten Wolf School Gear

Forgotten Wolf School Gear is a new set of Wolf School gear introduced to "" with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0, alongside the quest In the Eternal Fire's Shadow.
Unlike past school gear, this set only has 3 levels for both New Game and New Game +: standard, mastercrafted, and grandmaster.

</doc>
<doc id="119768" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119768" title="Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword">
Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.16 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman blacksmith&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix silver sword&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword is a craftable silver sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman blacksmith
Leather scraps× 2 Leather scraps × 2
Silver ingot× 3 Silver ingot × 3
Flawless ruby× 1 Flawless ruby × 1
Powdered monster tissue× 1 Powdered monster tissue × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119770" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119770" title="Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted">
Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.41 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master blacksmith&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix silver sword 1&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted is a craftable silver sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master blacksmith
Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword× 1 Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword × 1
Leather scraps× 2 Leather scraps × 2
Dimeritium ingot× 2 Dimeritium ingot × 2
Monster egg× 1 Monster egg × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119772" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119772" title="Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword">
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.26 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix silver sword 2&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword is a craftable silver sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted× 1 Legendary forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted × 1
Leather straps× 2 Leather straps × 2
Enriched dimeritium ingot× 2 Enriched dimeritium ingot × 2
Powdered monster tissue× 1 Powdered monster tissue × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119774" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119774" title="Forgotten Wolven steel sword">
Forgotten Wolven steel sword

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Forgotten Wolven steel sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.33 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;307 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman blacksmith&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix steel swordNGP Netflix steel sword &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Forgotten Wolven steel sword is a craftable steel sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman blacksmith
Leather scraps× 2 Leather scraps × 2
Steel ingot× 2 Steel ingot × 2
Dark steel ingot× 2 Dark steel ingot × 2
Monster bone× 1 Monster bone × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119776" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119776" title="Forgotten Wolven trousers">
Forgotten Wolven trousers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Forgotten Wolven trousers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.31 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;236 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix PantsNGP Netflix Pants &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Forgotten Wolven trousers are craftable medium armor trousers and are part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman armorer
Silk× 2 Silk × 2
Meteorite ore× 1 Meteorite ore × 1
Hardened timber× 2 Hardened timber × 2
Monster heart× 1 Monster heart × 1
Leather scraps× 4 Leather scraps × 4

</doc>
<doc id="119778" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119778" title="Forgotten Wolven armor">
Forgotten Wolven armor

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Forgotten Wolven armor&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;3.67 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;393 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix ArmorNGP Netflix Armor &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Forgotten Wolven armor is a craftable medium armor and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman armorer
Shirt× 1 Shirt × 1
Cured draconid leather× 2 Cured draconid leather × 2
Dimeritium plate× 2 Dimeritium plate × 2
Linen× 3 Linen × 3
Monster hide× 1 Monster hide × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119782" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119782" title="Forgotten Wolven boots">
Forgotten Wolven boots

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Forgotten Wolven boots&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.26 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;222 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix BootsNGP Netflix Boots &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Forgotten Wolven boots are craftable medium armor boots and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman armorer
Hardened leather× 2 Hardened leather × 2
Meteorite ore× 1 Meteorite ore × 1
Thread× 3 Thread × 3
Leather scraps× 3 Leather scraps × 3
Monster bone× 1 Monster bone × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119783" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119783" title="Forgotten Wolven gauntlets">
Forgotten Wolven gauntlets

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Forgotten Wolven gauntlets&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.86 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;195 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix GlovesNGP Netflix Gloves &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Forgotten Wolven gauntlets are craftable medium armor gauntlets and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman armorer
Hardened leather× 1 Hardened leather × 1
Dark steel ingot× 1 Dark steel ingot × 1
Leather straps× 4 Leather straps × 4
Monster claw× 4 Monster claw × 4
Nails× 2 Nails × 2

</doc>
<doc id="119784" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119784" title="Legendary forgotten Wolven boots">
Legendary forgotten Wolven boots

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Legendary forgotten Wolven boots&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.26 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Boots&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Legendary forgotten Wolven boots are craftable medium armor boots and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman armorer
Hardened leather× 2 Hardened leather × 2
Meteorite ore× 1 Meteorite ore × 1
Thread× 3 Thread × 3
Leather scraps× 3 Leather scraps × 3
Monster bone× 1 Monster bone × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119786" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119786" title="Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven boots">
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven boots

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven boots&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.02 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Boots 1&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven boots are craftable medium armor boots and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master armorer
Legendary forgotten Wolven boots× 1 Legendary forgotten Wolven boots × 1
Meteorite silver ingot× 1 Meteorite silver ingot × 1
Hardened leather× 2 Hardened leather × 2
Hardened timber× 2 Hardened timber × 2
Monster bone× 1 Monster bone × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119788" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119788" title="Forgotten priest's testament">
Forgotten priest's testament

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Forgotten priest's testament&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_priest_notes&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Forgotten priest's testament is a document in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It's found in the Devil's Pit mine system, in a laboratory while following the School of the Wolf symbols, and opens an optional dialogue at the end of the quest with Reinald.
"From the moment I first learned of our martyrs, I dreamed I would one day become one. I thought, nothing is more beautiful than making the ultimate sacrifice in the name of your faith."
"I know now I was wrong. Woefully, naively wrong. For in this moment, I would gladly forfeit my life of "sanctity" for a single cup of water so I might help that poor boy curled up against the wall, suffering a misery none should ever endure."
"I can die here, knowing that I departed of my own free will. By caring for the afflicted, I knew that I, too, would eventually succumb to the scarlet fog. Yet I did not know my brothers would inflict such suffering to those under our care."
"Father Edgar tortured leaders of the rebellion and decided to close the mine. I asked, in turn, who then would care for weak?[] "They will die regardless, all." - the smug sod... I resolved to stay, to help ease the suffering of their final days however I could. Father Edgar locked them in here all the same, and me with them."
"I now find myself under my own care."
"I hear their wails and whimpers, witness their desperate attempts at escape, but I've no strength left. My only hope of deliverance now is prayer for a quick death, for I know it will not be merciful."
"Should anyone ever read my account of these atrocities, I humbly ask you share them with the world. In my waning hours, I wish for nothing more."

</doc>
<doc id="119789" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119789" title="Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven boots">
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven boots

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven boots&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;3.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Boots 2&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven boots are craftable medium armor boots and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven boots× 1 Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven boots × 1
Enriched dimeritium plate× 1 Enriched dimeritium plate × 1
Infused slyzard hide× 1 Infused slyzard hide × 1
Monster heart× 2 Monster heart × 2
Monster blood× 3 Monster blood × 3

</doc>
<doc id="119791" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119791" title="Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword">
Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.33 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman blacksmith&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix steel sword&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword is a craftable steel sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman blacksmith
Leather scraps× 2 Leather scraps × 2
Steel ingot× 2 Steel ingot × 2
Dark steel ingot× 2 Dark steel ingot × 2
Monster bone× 1 Monster bone × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119793" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119793" title="Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted">
Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.38 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master blacksmith&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix steel sword 1&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted is a craftable steel sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master blacksmith
Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword× 1 Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword × 1
Leather scraps× 2 Leather scraps × 2
Dimeritium ingot× 2 Dimeritium ingot × 2
Monster egg× 1 Monster egg × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119795" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119795" title="Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword">
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.41 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix steel sword 2&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword is a craftable steel sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted× 1 Legendary forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted × 1
Leather straps× 2 Leather straps × 2
Enriched dimeritium ingot× 2 Enriched dimeritium ingot × 2
Flawless ruby× 1 Flawless ruby × 1
Monster essence× 1 Monster essence × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119797" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119797" title="Legendary forgotten Wolven armor">
Legendary forgotten Wolven armor

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Legendary forgotten Wolven armor&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;3.67 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Armor&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Legendary forgotten Wolven armor is a craftable medium armor and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman armorer
Shirt× 1 Shirt × 1
Cured draconid leather× 2 Cured draconid leather × 2
Dimeritium plate× 2 Dimeritium plate × 2
Linen× 3 Linen × 3
Monster hide× 1 Monster hide × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119799" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119799" title="Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven armor">
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven armor

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven armor&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;4.30 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Armor 1&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven armor is a craftable medium armor and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master armorer
Legendary forgotten Wolven armor× 1 Legendary forgotten Wolven armor × 1
Cured draconid leather× 2 Cured draconid leather × 2
Monster tongue× 2 Monster tongue × 2
Meteorite silver plate× 1 Meteorite silver plate × 1
Fifth essence× 1 Fifth essence × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119801" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119801" title="Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven armor">
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven armor

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven armor&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;5.79 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Armor 2&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven armor is a craftable medium armor and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven armor× 1 Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven armor × 1
Infused slyzard hide× 2 Infused slyzard hide × 2
Enriched dimeritium plate× 2 Enriched dimeritium plate × 2
Monster tongue× 2 Monster tongue × 2
Monster hide× 1 Monster hide × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119811" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119811" title="Legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets">
Legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.86 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Gloves&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets are craftable medium armor gauntlets and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman armorer
Hardened leather× 1 Hardened leather × 1
Dark steel ingot× 1 Dark steel ingot × 1
Leather straps× 4 Leather straps × 4
Monster claw× 4 Monster claw × 4
Nails× 2 Nails × 2

</doc>
<doc id="119813" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119813" title="Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets">
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.77 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Gloves 1&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets are craftable medium armor gauntlets and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master armorer
Legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets× 1 Legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets × 1
Meteorite silver plate× 1 Meteorite silver plate × 1
Leather straps× 4 Leather straps × 4
Monster claw× 2 Monster claw × 2
Monster tongue× 2 Monster tongue × 2

</doc>
<doc id="119816" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119816" title="Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets">
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.86 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Gloves 2&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets are craftable medium armor gauntlets and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets× 1 Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven gauntlets × 1
Enriched dimeritium ingot× 1 Enriched dimeritium ingot × 1
Infused slyzard hide× 1 Infused slyzard hide × 1
Monster heart× 1 Monster heart × 1
Powdered monster tissue× 2 Powdered monster tissue × 2

</doc>
<doc id="119818" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119818" title="Legendary forgotten Wolven trousers">
Legendary forgotten Wolven trousers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Legendary forgotten Wolven trousers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.31 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Journeyman armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Pants&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Legendary forgotten Wolven trousers are craftable medium armor trousers and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Journeyman armorer
Silk× 2 Silk × 2
Meteorite ore× 1 Meteorite ore × 1
Hardened timber× 2 Hardened timber × 2
Monster heart× 1 Monster heart × 1
Leather scraps× 4 Leather scraps × 4

</doc>
<doc id="119820" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119820" title="Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven trousers">
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven trousers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven trousers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.34 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Pants 1&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven trousers are craftable medium armor trousers and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master armorer
Legendary forgotten Wolven trousers× 1 Legendary forgotten Wolven trousers × 1
Meteorite silver ingot× 1 Meteorite silver ingot × 1
Hardened timber× 1 Hardened timber × 1
Monster egg× 1 Monster egg × 1
Leather straps× 2 Leather straps × 2

</doc>
<doc id="119822" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119822" title="Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven trousers">
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven trousers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven trousers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.39 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Netflix Pants 2&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster legendary forgotten Wolven trousers are craftable medium armor trousers and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "" with the New Game + option. The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven trousers× 1 Mastercrafted legendary forgotten Wolven trousers × 1
Enriched dimeritium plate× 1 Enriched dimeritium plate × 1
Monster blood× 2 Monster blood × 2
Monster heart× 1 Monster heart × 1
Infused slyzard hide× 1 Infused slyzard hide × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119824" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119824" title="Forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted">
Forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.41 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;838 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master blacksmith&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix silver sword 1NGP Netflix silver sword 1 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted is a craftable silver sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master blacksmith
Forgotten Wolven silver sword× 1 Forgotten Wolven silver sword × 1
Leather scraps× 2 Leather scraps × 2
Dimeritium ingot× 2 Dimeritium ingot × 2
Monster egg× 1 Monster egg × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119826" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119826" title="Forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted">
Forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.38 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1,112 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master blacksmith&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix steel sword 1NGP Netflix steel sword 1 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted is a craftable steel sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master blacksmith
Forgotten Wolven steel sword× 1 Forgotten Wolven steel sword × 1
Leather scraps× 2 Leather scraps × 2
Dimeritium ingot× 2 Dimeritium ingot × 2
Monster egg× 1 Monster egg × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119828" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119828" title="Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven boots">
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven boots

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven boots&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.02 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;248 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix Boots 1NGP Netflix Boots 1 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven boots are craftable medium armor boots and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master armorer
Forgotten Wolven boots× 1 Forgotten Wolven boots × 1
Meteorite silver ingot× 1 Meteorite silver ingot × 1
Hardened leather× 2 Hardened leather × 2
Hardened timber× 2 Hardened timber × 2
Monster bone× 1 Monster bone × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119829" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119829" title="Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven armor">
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven armor

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven armor&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;4.30 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;879 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix Armor 1NGP Netflix Armor 1 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven armor is a craftable medium armor and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master armorer
Forgotten Wolven armor× 1 Forgotten Wolven armor × 1
Cured draconid leather× 2 Cured draconid leather × 2
Monster tongue× 2 Monster tongue × 2
Meteorite silver plate× 1 Meteorite silver plate × 1
Fifth essence× 1 Fifth essence × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119830" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119830" title="Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven gauntlets">
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven gauntlets

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven gauntlets&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.77 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;215 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix Gloves 1NGP Netflix Gloves 1 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven gauntlets are craftable medium armor gauntlets and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master armorer
Forgotten Wolven gauntlets× 1 Forgotten Wolven gauntlets × 1
Meteorite silver plate× 1 Meteorite silver plate × 1
Leather straps× 4 Leather straps × 4
Monster claw× 2 Monster claw × 2
Monster tongue× 2 Monster tongue × 2

</doc>
<doc id="119831" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119831" title="Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven trousers">
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven trousers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven trousers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.34 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;292 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Master armorer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix Pants 1NGP Netflix Pants 1 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven trousers are craftable medium armor trousers and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Master armorer
Forgotten Wolven trousers× 1 Forgotten Wolven trousers × 1
Meteorite silver ingot× 1 Meteorite silver ingot × 1
Hardened timber× 1 Hardened timber × 1
Monster egg× 1 Monster egg × 1
Leather straps× 2 Leather straps × 2

</doc>
<doc id="119832" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119832" title="Grandmaster forgotten Wolven silver sword">
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven silver sword

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster forgotten Wolven silver sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.26 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;2,785 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix silver sword 2NGP Netflix silver sword 2 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven silver sword is a craftable silver sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted× 1 Forgotten Wolven silver sword - mastercrafted × 1
Leather straps× 2 Leather straps × 2
Enriched dimeritium ingot× 2 Enriched dimeritium ingot × 2
Powdered monster tissue× 1 Powdered monster tissue × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119833" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119833" title="Grandmaster forgotten Wolven steel sword">
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven steel sword

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster forgotten Wolven steel sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.41 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;2,534 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix steel sword 2NGP Netflix steel sword 2 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven steel sword is a craftable steel sword and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted× 1 Forgotten Wolven steel sword - mastercrafted × 1
Leather straps× 2 Leather straps × 2
Enriched dimeritium ingot× 2 Enriched dimeritium ingot × 2
Flawless ruby× 1 Flawless ruby × 1
Monster essence× 1 Monster essence × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119834" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119834" title="Grandmaster forgotten Wolven boots">
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven boots

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster forgotten Wolven boots&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;3.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1,070 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix Boots 2NGP Netflix Boots 2 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven boots are craftable medium armor boots and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven boots× 1 Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven boots × 1
Enriched dimeritium plate× 1 Enriched dimeritium plate × 1
Infused slyzard hide× 1 Infused slyzard hide × 1
Monster heart× 2 Monster heart × 2
Monster blood× 3 Monster blood × 3

</doc>
<doc id="119835" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119835" title="Grandmaster forgotten Wolven armor">
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven armor

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster forgotten Wolven armor&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;5.79 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;4,623 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix Armor 2NGP Netflix Armor 2 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven armor is a craftable medium armor and is part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven armor× 1 Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven armor × 1
Infused slyzard hide× 2 Infused slyzard hide × 2
Enriched dimeritium plate× 2 Enriched dimeritium plate × 2
Monster tongue× 2 Monster tongue × 2
Monster hide× 1 Monster hide × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119836" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119836" title="Grandmaster forgotten Wolven gauntlets">
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven gauntlets

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster forgotten Wolven gauntlets&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.86 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;574 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix Gloves 2NGP Netflix Gloves 2 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven gauntlets are craftable medium armor gauntlets and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven gauntlets× 1 Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven gauntlets × 1
Enriched dimeritium ingot× 1 Enriched dimeritium ingot × 1
Infused slyzard hide× 1 Infused slyzard hide × 1
Monster heart× 1 Monster heart × 1
Powdered monster tissue× 2 Powdered monster tissue × 2

</doc>
<doc id="119837" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119837" title="Grandmaster forgotten Wolven trousers">
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven trousers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grandmaster forgotten Wolven trousers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.39 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;363 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Grandmaster&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt; Netflix Pants 2NGP Netflix Pants 2 &lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grandmaster forgotten Wolven trousers are craftable medium armor trousers and part of the Forgotten Wolf School Gear in "". The gear was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
Crafting Requirements 
Min. Required Level: Grandmaster
Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven trousers× 1 Mastercrafted forgotten Wolven trousers × 1
Enriched dimeritium plate× 1 Enriched dimeritium plate × 1
Monster blood× 2 Monster blood × 2
Monster heart× 1 Monster heart × 1
Infused slyzard hide× 1 Infused slyzard hide × 1

</doc>
<doc id="119865" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119865" title="PC Hotfix (The Witcher 3)">
PC Hotfix (The Witcher 3)

PC Hotfixes are a number of unnumbered updates for "" released just before and after the next-gen update, Patch 4.0, to help with stability issues.
First hotfix.
This hotfix was released on December 19, 2022.
"We've just released a hotfix for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt on PC which should improve overall stability and performance of the game, and fix GOG &amp; Steam overlays. The game version won't change. "
"At the same time, the next-gen update has been released for the Origin version of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. The game version is going to be 4.0. "
"Our teams are working on further improving the experience on all platforms. For more details, check out our article on currently investigated issues." 
Second hotfix.
This hotfix was released on December 22, 2022.
"We've released another hotfix for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt on PC. On top of further overall stability improvements it also introduces a number of fixes, including:"
*"fixes to photo mode,"
*"fixes to the Arabic language in the game,"
*"fix to the bug with toxicity stuck at max level,"
*"Steam Deck improvements,"
*"and more."
"The game version won't change."
Third hotfix.
This hotfix was released on February 14, 2023.
"A hotfix for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is out on PC. It primarily addresses the performance issues that appeared after Patch 4.01. The game version won't change."
Fourth hotfix.
This hotfix was released on June 6, 2024.
"We have just released a hotfix for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt on PC!"
"It fixes the issue where turning on HairWorks on DirectX 11 crashed the game after loading a save."
"It also adds some new capabilities for modding scripts: the script compiler now supports a number of annotations. Their main purpose is to add/modify functionality in existing game functions and classes without merging script files."

</doc>
<doc id="119874" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119874" title="Of Ballads, Brawlers, and Bloodied Blades">
Of Ballads, Brawlers, and Bloodied Blades

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
"Of Ballads, Brawlers, and Bloodied Blades" is the first episode of "" by Netflix, airing on December 25, 2022.
"A tavern brawl puts Éile on a collision course with destiny, emotions get the best of Fjall after a close call, and a royal betrayal leads to bloodshed."
Characters.
TBA
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="119876" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119876" title="Of Dreams, Defiance, and Desperate Deeds">
Of Dreams, Defiance, and Desperate Deeds

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
"Of Dreams, Defiance, and Desperate Deeds" is the second episode of "" by Netflix, airing on December 25, 2022.
"In need of coin to fund their quest, Éile, Fjall and Scían hatch a risky scheme that leads to a firestorm of trouble. Merwyn stumbles on a secret."
Characters.
TBA
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="119877" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119877" title="Of Warriors, Wakes, and Wondrous Worlds">
Of Warriors, Wakes, and Wondrous Worlds

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
"Of Warriors, Wakes, and Wondrous Worlds" is the third episode of "" by Netflix, airing on December 25, 2022.
"After meeting Meldof and her beloved Gwen, the warriors put a perilous end game in motion as truths are revealed, passions kindled — and sacrifices made."
Characters.
TBA
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="119878" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119878" title="Of Mages, Malice, and Monstrous Mayhem">
Of Mages, Malice, and Monstrous Mayhem

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
"Of Mages, Malice, and Monstrous Mayhem" is the fourth and final episode of season one of "" by Netflix, airing on December 25, 2022.
"As Merwyn forges an uneasy alliance to achieve her plans for Elfkind, the battle begins in Xintrea, where Éile finds her voice and Fjall loses control."
Characters.
TBA
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="119879" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119879" title="Éile">
Éile

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Éile, also known as the Lark, was a bard and warrior elf who, just prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, worked with six others to take down the Continent's new empire. The group's actions led to the Conjunction of the Spheres and the first witcher prototype.
Biography.
Early life.
Éile was born into the Raven Clan as the daughter of the famed Lady Cethlenn of the Knives and, like the rest of her clan, she was raised and trained as a warrior to become a protector of Pryshia's royal family. From even her times as a child though, she was asked to commit atrocities in the name of Pryshia's king, Midir, such as setting fire to a home with others inside, killing them.
Éile was also trained by the last member of the Ghost Tribe, Scían, who'd been taken into the clan for her sword skills. However, the sword master had a key harp in her home and Éile quickly became fascinated by the instrument, much to her mother's annoyance. The clan banished Scían and Cethlenn tried to get her daughter to turn her attention back to learning combat. However, it was too late and Éile fell in love with music and eventually left the clan to wander the world as a bard, in the hopes of atoning for the atrocities she committed by spreading messages of hope in her songs instead.
Meeting Fjall.
She eventually made a name for herself as Lark and became known around the Continent for the powerful messages in her songs, especially for those not born into a high class.
At one point, she eventually ended up north on the island of Inis Dubh. As she preformed at the local tavern, she saw one customer making unwelcome advances on the tavern owner's daughter, Ithlinne, and, as he tried to force himself on the daughter, the mother tried to intervene only for him to assault her as well. Lark quickly took him down along with his pals before going back to performing.
Staying for a bit at the tavern, Lark hung out with Ithlinne, telling the young girl about how she became a bard before Ithlinne revealed she had a "sickness": she had visions and fits that scared others. They were soon interrupted though by the town's guards who came to arrest Lark for her earlier actions against the customers who assaulted Ithlinne and her mother.
Thrown into prison, Lark quickly saw her sleeping cellmate was not only a member of the rival Dog Clan but Fjall Stoneheart, the son of Chieftain Osfar, before they woke up and the two had a standoff. Despite them both revealing they weren't part of their former clans anymore, Lark, having sworn vengeance against Fjall for taking one of her cousin's eye out during the Battle of Brokilon, attacked Fjall just as he was being released. During the quick skirmish she stole and hid Fjall's tooth pendant necklace before a town guard intervened in their fight and Fjall left.
Now alone with no guards around, Lark then used the pendant to pick the cage's lock and got out and ran back to the tavern, only to find her sister, Niamh, waiting for her. Niamh then revealed their mother sent her to ask Lark to return home as they needed all the warriors they could get to accompany King Midir to Xin'trea, where a treaty was going to be signed. Lark refused however, as she left that life behind her. Her sister then left only for Ithlinne to come in to check if Lark was ok, only to have one her visions, revealing the conjunction of spheres was coming, that Lark would slay a great beast, that her notes would be the key, and that she'd find redemption in a quest in the name of her clan, before passing out.
Taking the passed out girl to her mother, her mother then revealed all of Ithlinne's visions had come true. With that, Lark gave a flute to be given to Ithlinne and headed off to catch up with her sister. However, the pair didn't get far before they were attacked, with Niamh quickly being killed by two arrows. Lark swiftly began to take out the attackers but almost got hit by one but they were stopped in time by Fjall. The two then finished off the rest of the assailants before Fjall revealed he was there looking for a boat to get off the island as well. As they gathered their things, Fjall recognized one of their attackers had a Xin'trean army mark and the pair looked around and quickly realized the 3 warring kingdoms, Xin'trea, Pryshia, and Darwen, were somehow all part of the same group of attackers. Connecting the dots, both realized there was someone trying to prevent clan warriors from being at the treaty signing so the monarchies could be wiped out. After terse remarks, they agreed to travel together to Xin'trea to warn their clans. Fjall then took his pendant back with Lark revealing she was no longer Lark after her sister's death: she was once again Éile. She then did a quick funeral pyre for her sister before she and Fjall set off.

</doc>
<doc id="119880" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119880" title="Fjall Stoneheart">
Fjall Stoneheart

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Fjall Stoneheart was a warrior elf who, just prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, worked with six others to take down the Continent's new empire. The group's actions led to the Conjunction of the Spheres and made Fjall the first, but ultimately failed, witcher prototype.
Biography.
Dog Clan.
Fjall was born to Chieftain Osfar, the leader of the Dog Clan. This group was comprised of warriors trained from birth to act as the royal guard for Xin'trea's rulers, and Fjall was likewise raised to uphold their role as protectors. Later as an adult during a battle, his brother Kareg was killed by the enemy much to their father's dismay, and Fjall felt it should have been him that died there instead.
At one point Fjall was assigned as Princess Merwyn's protector and he taught her a few fighting basics while he watched over her. The two soon developed feelings for each other, but as he was her sworn protector, this would violate his Clan's code and, after they were almost caught in the act, pretended it didn't happen when they were around others. However, after an assassination attempt on the princess' life where Fjall rescued her, they eventually found themselves alone in her bedroom where they confessed they hadn't forgotten what happened between them earlier and proceeded to have sex. However, Osfar soon noticed his son wasn't at his usual post and burst into the room to find the two in bed together. Per the Dog Clan's code, Fjall was then taken to Xin'trea's border to be banished and forgotten. As they got there, Fjall remarked he knew his father wished it was Kareg that returned alive from battle instead, though Osfar only noted he was glad at least Kareg didn't live to see Fjall betray his clan and family. He then sent his son away from the kingdom.
Meeting Lark.
With nowhere else to go, Fjall leaned on his warrior skills and became a sellsword, eventually finding his way to a small island in the north, Inis Dubh. However, he got into trouble and was soon imprisoned here, only to be joined shortly after by Éile, a former warrior for the rival Raven Clan who protected the Pryshian rulers. Despite the two revealing they weren't associated with their former clans, they got into a skirmish as Éile swore she'd get vengeance against Fjall for taking one of her cousin's eyes during the Battle of Brokilon.
However, they were soon interrupted by guards, who revealed Fjall was free to go as someone had paid them off. Fjall then left the prison only to soon run into his cousin Shen, the one responsible for Fjall's release. Shen then informed Fjall that Osfar was asking for his son to return home as a treaty was being signed between all the kingdoms and they needed all the warriors they could get to show up to it. Having no desire to return though, Fjall refused and instead headed for the village's brothel, only to find out his only thing of worth to pay them with, a tooth pendant, had been stolen by Éile.

</doc>
<doc id="119881" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119881" title="Fjall">
Fjall



</doc>
<doc id="119883" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119883" title="Callan">
Callan

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Callan, also known as Brother Death, was an elf who, just prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, worked with six others to take down the Continent's new empire. The group's actions led to the Conjunction of the Spheres and made the first witcher prototype.
Biography.
Not much is known of Callan's past, though he had killed a lot before. At one point, after he'd given up his past life and resolved never to kill again, he wandered into a marsh and was caught up in Zacaré's magical mist, which allowed the mage to view the memories of those who wandered in. Despite seeing all he had done, Zacaré still saw good in him and eventually the two fell in love with each other.
At one point soon after Merwyn's coup, the new Empire's soldiers wiped out a village that'd taken Callan in, causing a deep seeded grudge. He then found himself at a tavern in Gaylth and, while eating, he spotted Fjall and Éile and recognized them as two elves wanted by the Empire. Finding them rather interesting and knowing they likely wouldn't be against him joining their endeavors, he began to track them as they made their way to Xin'trea, eventually catching up in the woods as Scían's health had deteriorated from a poisoned injury at Daédwóde. After a tense standoff, he offered to join them if they'd let him and could bring them to Zacaré, who could possibly heal Scían. Asked to do so, he led them to the mage's marsh and warned them to just keep going into the mist, no matter what they saw, before he carried Scían into the mists.
Callan soon made it through the mist and was welcomed back by Zacaré before they were joined shortly after by Fjall and Éile, who were both rather annoyed from having their memories read like that. As Callan explained he didn't warn them beforehand as, if he had, their memories would have been tainted from them trying to protect them, Syndril then appeared and also confirmed Zacaré needed a pure signal to read their honest intentions. Seeing Syndril though, Fjall tried to attack the mage for his role in everything but Zacaré sent him flying back into the water, noting if anyone was to punish Syndril it would be her, though right now they needed to tend to Scían to save her in time.

</doc>
<doc id="119884" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119884" title="Scían">
Scían

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Scían was a warrior elf who, just prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, worked with six others to take down the Continent's new empire. The group's actions led to the Conjunction of the Spheres and made the first witcher prototype.
Biography.
Scían was born into the Ghost Tribe, a group of elite warriors who didn't back any kingdom. King Darach of Xin'trea reached out at one point to request they fight for him in the thousand year war, but when the Ghost Tribe refused, he had their water supply poisoned and took their ancestral sword, Soulreaver, as a trophy. Everyone, including Scían's brother, was killed by this but Scían managed to survive, becoming the last of the Ghost Tribe as a result.
She was found and taken in by the Raven Clan, Pryshia's royal protectors, as a sword master. However, when one of her trainees, Éile, saw Scían's key harp and became entranced by music instead of becoming a protector, Scían was banished. With nowhere else to turn to, she was forced to become a sellsword.
This led to Scían living in seclusion in her ancestral homeland, where, ever paranoid from what happened to her tribe, set up countless traps around the area. After Merwyn's coup that killed off all the clans, Scían was surprised to find Éile near her home along with Fjall, having thought all clan members had been killed as well.

</doc>
<doc id="119885" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119885" title="Meldof">
Meldof

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Meldof, was a dwarven fighter who, just prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, worked with six others to take down the Continent's new empire. The group's actions led to the Conjunction of the Spheres and the first witcher prototype.
Biography.
Meldof was in a loving relationship with another dwarf, Gwen, but this all changed one day when Xin'trean soldiers attacked their village, raping and killing Gwen while Meldof was away. Set on vengeance, Meldof took her beloved's ashes and created a hammer with them, naming it Gwen, and set out to track down and kill each one of the soldiers. While she caught and killed all the rest, there was still one elusive one: Talyysen of the One Eye, a sergeant in the army. In her quest for vengeance, she broke into at least one brothel, killing those who stood in her way of her search.
She continued to track Talyysen across the Continent, from Gaylth, Bon Machán, Kilmac, and others, before finally catching up to and killing him. Finally feeling she was done now, she eventually found herself staying in a cave on the outskirts of the capital city of Xin'trea, where she quickly learned of Balor's beast that was still allowed to prowl the area at certain times. During her travels, she also learned of a misfit group making their way to Xin'trea to kill the empress and ran into them near her cave as Balor's beast prowled the area. After her hammer told her to help them out, she invited them back to her cave to get out of sight from the monster.

</doc>
<doc id="119886" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119886" title="Balor">
Balor

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Balor was an elven mage and the Chief Sage for Xin'trea's ruler prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres. However, he set his sights on using Chaos to further his ambitions of taking over the empire. His actions, combined with others, caused the conjunction to occur.
Biography.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="119898" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119898" title="Merwyn">
Merwyn

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Merwyn was Xin'trea's elven princess who, just prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, set out to write her own destiny as empress of the Golden Empire but was ultimately killed for her ruthless actions.
Biography.
Merwyn was born to King Darach of Xin'trea and was the sister to Alvitir. Their family was caught up in a thousand year war with two other kingdoms, Pryshia and Darwen, and thus relied on the Dog Clan as their royal protectors.
Feeling there was power in knowledge and knowing one's history, Merwyn dedicated herself to reading, paying particular attention to the famed Solryth, who guided her people long ago and brought forth a prosperous era for the elves. At one point, Fjall Stoneheart, the son of Chieftain Osfar of the Dog Clan, was assigned as her protector and who taught the princess a few basic fighting skills and the two soon developed feelings for one another but were nearly caught doing so. As this violated the clan's code, they pretended nothing happened. Some time later, her father died and Alvitir became the new king and tried to tour the streets, only for assassins to try and attack the royal family. Fjall rescued Merwyn, though not before she killed another in self-defense.
The two soon found themselves alone in her bedroom, where they confessed they still had feelings for one another and began to have sex, only to be interrupted soon after by Osfar, who'd noticed his son was away from his post. As they couldn't embarrass the crown by making such a public statement as beheading Fjall, which would then make it known to everyone what transpired with the princess, the warrior was instead banished from the kingdom to be forgotten about.
Afterwards, Merwyn continued to delve into her historical readings, much to her brother's amusement. When she noted she could be of use to him, like as an advisor, Alvitir brushed this off, feeling Merwyn would be eaten alive by his generals and mages in the court. However, he did have one important role for her: to be married off to King Midir of Pryshia, thereby helping to end the thousand year war. While crestfallen at this, Merwyn agreed to do so to help him out.
However, realizing this would only just cause a repeated history of war and wanting to take control of her own life, Merwyn began to plan a coup with Xin'trea's Captain Eredin and Chief Sage, Balor. On the day the treaty was to be signed between the three kingdoms, Solryth's eyes, two large comets streaking through the sky that Solryth used long ago as a guide to the Continent, were seen again and Merwyn took this as a sign of hope. Soon after, she attended the treaty ceremony and, on queue, each kingdom's mages quietly left the courtyard while Merwyn feigned feeling unwell. Ryl, Osfar's daughter and Fjall's sister, accompanied her out with Eredin and the princess' assistant, Ket, but as soon as they exited, other guards part of the coup barred the only door out of the courtyard. Ryl, distracted by this, had her throat slit by Merwyn, killing the warrior, as Balor unleashed a new kind of beast on the courtyard, quickly killing all the clans and their monarchies, leaving Merwyn as the sole ruler.
Reign as empress.
Now taking on the title of Empress of the Golden Empire, Merwyn quickly realized she was only being used as a puppet, a public figure to quell the masses, and knew once her role was used up, Balor and Eredin would likely kill her off as well. As such, she became like a prisoner in the palace, confined away from the lowborn and receiving no news of what was really going on outside the palace walls. While walking around in the palace one day, a kitchen hand tried to kill her, decrying how others were starving while the empire grew fat before his neck was suddenly snapped by an invisible force thanks to a young mage apprentice nearby. Realizing she needed her own people she could trust outside of Balor's control, she named the apprentice, Avallac'h, as her protector and tasked him with stealing a book from Balor, "The Book of Monoliths" by Syndril, so Avallac'h could help open gateways to new worlds without Balor's assistance. She then took the apprentice's cloak to disguise herself so she could sneak outside the palace to see what was really going on.
Outside the walls, she quickly saw the cold reality, with many pleading for food or coin to pay for food. As she continued, she bumped into Eredin, who didn't notice her as he headed towards his destination, and she followed him to learn he had a secret and forbidden lover in a lower class, Brían. Using this knowledge to her advantage, she came by to visit while both were there and proposed a deal that would allow Eredin and Brían to be together while elevating Brían's station. When Eredin noted Balor would never allow such changes, Merwyn pointed out the two of them needed to work together then to show Balor he was not the one in power, the crown and the army was, and they didn't need Balor to open the gates to the other worlds. She then made one other request as part of their new alliance: Fjall was to be brought to her alive as she needed an heir.

</doc>
<doc id="119899" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119899" title="Pryshia">
Pryshia

Pryshia was a kingdom that, prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, was stuck in a thousand year war with two other kingdoms on the Continent: Xin'trea and Darwen. It was located somewhere north of Xin'trea.
History.
Not much is known about the kingdom, though just prior to the Conjunction, it was ruled over by King Midir, who was protected by the Raven Clan. Xin'trea's new king, Alvitir, wished to end all the fighting as famine was hitting everyone, and so worked out a deal to have his sister, Princess Merwyn, be married off to Midir in return for Midir's agreement to peace.
However, when Midir and his Raven Clan showed up in Xin'trea to sign the treaty, they unknowingly walked into a trap with the rest of the monarchies and their own clans as Merwyn, who had no intention of becoming a footnote in history, planned a coup. Midir and the rest quickly met their ends when they were set upon by an otherworldly beast. Pryshia was then absorbed into the Golden Empire under Empress Merwyn.

</doc>
<doc id="119900" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119900" title="Darwen">
Darwen

Darwen was a kingdom that, prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, was stuck in a thousand year war with two other kingdoms on the Continent: Xin'trea and Pryshia.
History.
Not much is known about the kingdom, though just prior to the Conjunction, it was ruled over by Queen Neera, who was protected by the Serpent Clan. Xin'trea's new king, Alvitir, wished to end all the fighting as famine was hitting everyone, and so worked out a deal to gift their mines in Sliabh Liath to Neera in return for her agreement to peace.
However, when Neera and her Serpent Clan showed up in Xin'trea to sign the treaty, they unknowingly walked into a trap with the rest of the monarchies and their own clans as Merwyn, who had no intention of becoming a footnote in history, planned a coup. Neera and the rest quickly met their ends when they were set upon by an otherworldly beast. Darwen was then absorbed into the Golden Empire under Empress Merwyn.

</doc>
<doc id="119901" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119901" title="Midir">
Midir

Midir was the last king of Pryshia before a coup was staged, killing him and absorbing the kingdom into the Golden Empire.
Biography.
Like the other two monarchies of Xin'trea and Darwen, the three royal families were caught up in a thousand year war and on the brink of famine. As such, Midir was protected by the Raven Clan, a group of warriors specially trained from birth to be the royal's protectors.
At one point, Midir had also been married but his wife had passed away, opening the stage so that the newly crowned King Alvitir of Xin'trea made an offer: Midir could marry Xin'trea's Princess Merwyn in exchange for peace. Midir accepted and all three royal families and their respective clans arrived in Xin'trea to sign the peace treaty to end the long war. However, they all unknowingly walked into a trap as Merwyn, not wanting to be a footnote in their history, staged a coup, killing off all the clans and monarchies, thus leaving her as the sole ruler of the continent.

</doc>
<doc id="119902" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119902" title="Eredin Bréacc Glas/Netflix series">
Eredin Bréacc Glas/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Eredin was an elf and a captain for Xin'trea's army just prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, the events of which would find him in an entirely new world.
Biography.
Eredin was a young army captain in Xin'trea who worked with the court's mage, Balor, to overthrow King Alvitir and install the deceased king's sister, Merwyn, as empress of the Golden Empire. But in reality, the mage and Eredin ruled the empire. Despite this, Eredin had to keep his romantic relationship with another elf, Brían, a secret due his love being from a lower class, which wasn't allowed. Unbeknownst to the couple, Merwyn discovered this forbidden relationship but offered a way to allow them to be publicly together if he helped her out against Balor. This alliance was short-lived though: Balor tricked the group and sent Eredin and his troops to another realm, separating him forever from Brían. Six moons later (six years) Eredin, forever being in a desolate sphere, found a skull mask and began his transformation from the Wild Hunt.
Generations later, when Ciri freed herself from the Immortal Mother, Voleth Meir, and entered her homeland with Geralt and Yennefer, Voleth Meir freed herself from her vessel by joining the Wild Hunt, among them was Eredin as their leader. He encouraged Ciri, as the Daughter of Chaos, to join them, but Ciri managed to whisk herself and her adoptive parents away before Eredin could capture her.
Later, Eredin and the Wild Hunt managed to escape the sphere, appearing as ghosts chasing Ciri, before being stopped by Geralt.

</doc>
<doc id="119903" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119903" title="Ithlinne/Netflix series">
Ithlinne/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Ithlinne was an young elf living with her mother on Inis Dubh, an island in the far northern part of the Continent, during the golden age of the elves. Ithlinne is considered the most sacred prophet of the elves.
Biography.
Ithlinne grew up on the island of Inis Dubh where she worked in her mother's inn. Villagers typically avoided her though because she had visions that always come true, making the local populace wary around her.
When the bard Éile was passing through and gave a performance at the inn, Éile ended up saving Ithlinne from a man who was sexually harassing the young girl. Éile befriended her and told Ithlinne about her journey as a musician clan warrior. During one conversation though, Ithlinne had another vision, this time foretelling that the Conjunction of the Spheres will bring humans and monsters to the world and Éile would slay a great beast.
Months later, her vision in fact occurred and Éile later returned to the inn, this time pregnant. With the warrior's consent, Ithlinne had a prophecy concerning the unborn baby, noting their line would lead to a warrior to destroy humankind.

</doc>
<doc id="119907" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119907" title="Zacaré">
Zacaré

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Zacaré was an elven mage who, just prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, worked with six others to take down the Continent's new empire. The group's actions led to the Conjunction of the Spheres and the first witcher prototype.
Biography.
Zacaré was born in the same village under the same burning star at the same time as Syndril, making the two celestial siblings. The two shared the same magical traits and developed a close sibling relationship to the point her mother took in Syndril. However, when her mother unexpectedly passed away, the two siblings, desperate to have her back, tried to use their magic to do so but it didn't go as planned, traumatizing them.
Later on, Syndril parted ways for Xin'trea and Zacaré took to living in the marshes, creating a protective mist around her home that would allow her to view the memories of those entering her domain. One such unexpected visitor came in the form of Callan and, despite knowing his dark past, still saw good in him and the two soon fell in love.
Later on, Callan showed up at Zacaré's marsh with the outcast group of warriors, Éile, Fjall, and Scían, to ask for help as the latter had been was poisoned. On arrival though, Syndril showed up at the same time, causing Fjall to try and confront Syndril before Zacaré stopped him, noting if anyone was going to punish Syndril, it'd be her, but they needed to first tend to Scían.
After she healed the warrior, the group discussed the events going on in the world and Zacaré realized that the natural order of the world was being altered by energies filtering through the monoliths to other spheres. She and Syndril then decided to join the warriors to destroy the main monolith in Xin'trea and stop Balor's plan.

</doc>
<doc id="119908" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119908" title="Syndril">
Syndril

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Syndril Cullwyn was an elven mage who, just prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, worked with six others to take down the Continent's new empire. The group's actions led to the Conjunction of the Spheres and the first witcher prototype.
Biography.
Syndril was born in the same village under the same burning star at the same time as Zacaré, making the two celestial siblings. The two shared the same magical traits and developed a close sibling relationship to the point Zacaré's mother took in Syndril. However, when she unexpectedly passed away, the two siblings, desperate to have her back, tried to use their magic to do so but it didn't go as planned, traumatizing them.
Later on, Syndril parted ways for Xin'trea in the hopes of learning to open portals into new worlds and was welcomed by the Chief Sage, Balor. While they succeeded in opening a portal, instead of finding a new world rich in life and resources, they instead found a barren wasteland with an energy that terrified Syndril and a dangerous beast that prowled the skies. They returned back to their world but when Syndril voiced how terrifying the chaotic energy was there, Balor instead took Syndril's book on how to open the portals and locked him away in prison while telling everyone else Syndril was lost on another world.
When Merwyn's coup occurred, Syndril saw the very same beast from that world, now under Balor's control, as it killed off all the people. With that, Syndril escaped and vowed to destroy the gateways. Knowing how to use the monoliths to teleport himself, he managed to use the master monolith in Xin'trea's courtyard, Ard Gaeth, to teleport to one close to Zacaré.
Just as he made his way there, Zacaré was joined by Callan who showed up with Éile, Fjall, and a dying Scían. While Fjall immediately tried to attack Syndril on sight, Zacaré stopped him, noting if anyone was going to punish Syndril, it'd be her, but they needed to first tend to Scían.
Syndril traveled with the rest to Zacaré's home where, as Scían was healed, Fjall talked with Syndril about what happened back in Xin'trea. Syndril explained the portals and what Balor did, before revealing Merwyn herself killed Fjall's sister. However, the biggest issue was that he discovered the monoliths were causing tears between worlds, causing issues with their own magic and feared their own world would be ripped apart soon if they didn't do something. In particular, they had to somehow destroy the master monolith that was now in Xin'trea.
The group then set out to the monolith that Syndril used earlier and opened a portal, only for them to somehow end up on an entirely different world. As they looked around, a mysterious monster gave chase after Éile and Syndril quickly opened a new portal and the group ran through it, closing it as part of the monster came through, severing and killing it. This time they lucked out though and ended up on the outskirts of Xin'trea. As they headed off, the group ran into Meldof, who quickly warned them Balor's beast was up in the sky looking around for food and to follow her if they wanted to live.
As they sat around and ate, they learned tales of their exploits had already been spreading and many already knew the rumor of them wanting to kill the empress.

</doc>
<doc id="119909" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119909" title="Seanchaí">
Seanchaí

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Seanchaí was a mysterious storyteller who traveled through space and time to gather forgotten heroic stories.
Biography.
Sometime after 1264, Jaskier found himself in trouble with Temerian troops. Seeing him as an ally for his role as the sandpiper who had helped get elves out harm's way, the Scoia'tael in turn attacked the camp to free the bard. However, this led to a fight between both parties and Jaskier was almost killed by a Temerian soldier when Seanchaí stepped in, stopping time itself and introduced herself in the form as a doppelgänger of Jaskier. After revealing she could shape shift, she teleported the two to a circle of standing stones and changing to the appearance of an elf.
She then revealed to Jaskier a lute and her reason for saving and bring him there: she wished for him to bring a story back to life: the long forgotten Story of the Seven, a misfit group who took on an empire 1,200 years ago. After revealing that they were the cause of the Conjunction of the Spheres and the first witcher, this piqued the bard's interest and she began to tell him of their story.

</doc>
<doc id="119910" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119910" title="Eile">
Eile



</doc>
<doc id="119911" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119911" title="Fenrik">
Fenrik

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Fenrik was a nonverbal elven mage and apprentice and confidant to Xin'trea's Chief Sage, Balor, prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres.
Biography.
Not much is known of Fenrik's past except she attended the same mage institution as Balor and was soon taken under his wing, with the two eventually forming a close, familial bond, like that of a father and daughter. While she didn't speak, she could still hear and understand others around her and would use sign language to communicate, leaving Balor as the one to interpret her to others when necessary.
She was extremely loyal to Balor to the point that she was tasked by the Chief Sage to secretly poison their king, Darach, in the hopes Balor could destabilize the kingdom enough to eventually take over. While she successfully killed the king, with Prince Alvitir taking over Xin'trea, Balor's assassination attempt soon after against the new king and his sister, Princess Merwyn, failed.
Balor, needing to make sacrifices to gain access to chaos, had help from Fenrik to secure two young celestial siblings to sacrifice to a mysterious entity he'd discovered when he opened a portal to a different world. However, this only proved to gain a fleeting sense of the power and was told by the mysterious entity he had to make a far greater sacrifice to truly gain the ability, stumping both her and Balor on what this meant.
Balor soon discovered though that the young apprentice Avallac'h had stolen a special book he had on accessing the portals and nearly killed the young mage until Eredin took Fenrik hostage, threatening to kill her if Balor killed Avallac'h, forcing Balor to stop. Both Fenrik and Balor were then thrown into prison.
While in their shared cell, Fenrik, still puzzled by why the sacrifice didn't work, asked Balor, who only noted too late he realized what it required. Before he could continue further though, they were interrupted by Merwyn, noting she still wished for them all to work together, though Balor quickly deduced it was because Avallac'h couldn't get the portals working. He then agreed to help on the condition Fenrik was also released with him. Despite Fenrik communicating to him not to trust Merwyn, Balor simply noted she was thankful as well.
Shortly after that, they all met up at the master monolith in the courtyard with Eredin and a scouting party. Balor then opened a portal and Fenrik, along with the rest of the group, went through. As Eredin and the scouting party started trying to look around for food and resources, Balor turned to Fenrik, noting while they weren't blood related, she was as close as he had to a family member. As he then noted what he knew he had to do to truly gain access to chaos, Fenrik realized too late this meant sacrificing her as Balor used his magic to slash her neck, killing her.

</doc>
<doc id="119912" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119912" title="Xin'trea">
Xin'trea

Xin'trea was a kingdom that, prior to the Conjunction of the Spheres, was stuck in a thousand year war with two other kingdoms on the Continent: Darwen and Pryshia. It was located somewhere south of Pryshia.
History.
Not much is known about the kingdom, though just prior to the Conjunction, it had been ruled over by King Darach whose family was guarded over by the Dog Clan. At one point, the king tried to recruit the Ghost Tribe to assist in the war, but they refused. As a result, Darach had the tribe's water supply poisoned, killing all of them save for one, Scían, and took their ancestral sword, Soulreaver, to display among his other trophies in his family's palace.
Darach himself soon met a fitting end, having been secretly poisoned by Fenrik, a mage apprentice loyal to the kingdom's Chief Sage, Balor. After he died, his son, Alvitir, took over and tried to tour the streets where the lowborn resided but assassins secretly sent by Balor attacked. The assassins ultimately failed after one of the Dog Clan's warriors, Fjall Stoneheart, intervened to save Princess Merwyn.
Alvitir, wishing to end all the fighting as famine was hitting everyone, worked out a deal to have his sister Merwyn be married off to King Midir of Pryshia and to gift their mines in Sliabh Liath to Queen Neera of Darwen in return for peace, and all the kingdoms accepted.
However, when the monarchies showed up with their clans in Xin'trea to sign the treaty, all of them unknowingly walked into a trap as Merwyn, who had no intention of becoming a footnote in history, planned a coup. Everyone, including Alvitir and the Dog Clan, quickly met their ends when they were set upon by an otherworldly beast. Xin'trea was then merged into the Golden Empire under Empress Merwyn, with its capital becoming her seat of power.

</doc>
<doc id="119913" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119913" title="Golden Empire">
Golden Empire

 &lt;ns&gt;0&lt;/ns&gt;
 &lt;revision&gt;
 &lt;parentid&gt;605475&lt;/parentid&gt;
 &lt;timestamp&gt;2023-12-31T16:25:58Z&lt;/timestamp&gt;
 &lt;contributor&gt;
 &lt;username&gt;Witcher Bot&lt;/username&gt;
 &lt;/contributor&gt;
 &lt;minor/&gt;
 &lt;comment&gt;/* top */clean up&lt;/comment&gt;
 &lt;origin&gt;614709&lt;/origin&gt;
 &lt;model&gt;wikitext&lt;/model&gt;
 &lt;format&gt;text/x-wiki&lt;/format&gt;
The Golden Empire was a unified elven state under Empress Merwyn after her, Eredin, and Balor's coup against three kingdoms: their own Xin'trea and two rival kingdoms, Darwen and Pryshia.
History.
Background.
Xin'trea, Darwen, and Pryshia were all wrapped up in a thousand year war with each other, pushing them all to the breaking point with famine on the horizon if something wasn't done soon. After King Darach of Xin'trea passed, his son, Alvitir, became the new king and he immediately set into motion a call for peace by working out a deal to have his sister, Princess Merwyn, be married off to King Midir of Pryshia and to gift their mines in Sliabh Liath to Queen Neera of Darwen in return for peace, and all the kingdoms accepted.
However, Merwyn, believing her brother's actions at best were only postponing the inevitable fighting that'd break out again down the road and not wanting to be treated as a pawn and footnote in history, secretly planned a coup with Xin'trea's Chief Sage, Balor, and one of the country's generals, Eredin. Balor and Eredin were able to convince the other monarchies' mages to back the coup as well as they had also grown weary of the fighting and famine.
To ensure a quick takeover, they also knew they had to have all the rulers' respective clans killed off, as these warriors were loyal to the rulers themselves and would fight to the death for them. As such, they made sure each ruler showed up with their entire clan to the capital city of Xin'trea for the peace treaty signing and sent assassins after exiled ones or ones that voluntarily left to make sure they didn't try to avenge their clan.
On the day of the signing, all the monarchies and their clans gathered in an open courtyard on top of Xin'trea's palace. As Alvitir discussed the peace treaty, the other mages quietly made their exit and Merwyn feigned feeling unwell and was escorted out. As soon as she left through the only door in and out from the courtyard, guards barred the door and Balor unleashed an otherworldly beast, which quickly killed off all the clan members and monarchies, including Merwyn's own brother. With that, Merwyn was proclaimed Empress of the Golden Empire, combining all three kingdoms into one.
Merwyn's reign.
While Merwyn was named empress, in actuality she was only a figurehead to quell the masses, with Balor being the actual ruler and having Eredin in charge of the combined army. As a result, nothing was done to really take care of their citizens, where famine spread to the point a kitchen hand attempted to assassinate Merwyn within the palace, who hadn't been told how bad things had gotten, but was saved by a young mage apprentice, Avallac'h. She quickly named him her new protector and, realizing they needed to take control of opening portals so they didn't have to rely on Balor, had him go steal the book that Syndril wrote about the portals. Combined with information she had on Eredin, she convinced the high commander to turn on Balor and had the Chief Sage arrested.
Realizing they needed resources and food, Merwyn decided they needed to use the master monolith that'd been placed in the palace to try and find new worlds to conquer. When Avallac'h failed to open the portal though, Merwyn had to make amends with Balor to have him assist them. However, Balor, having figured out what he needed to do to be granted chaos, opened a portal for Eredin and his scouts to enter with Balor, but as soon as they went through, Balor sacrificed his assistant, Fenrik, gaining control of chaos. He then teleported Eredin and the scouting party off to another realm before returning to Xin'trea.
While he'd been away though, a rebellion started by a misfit group led by Éile had broken out in the city. Éile managed to find and stab Merwyn, noting the empress now had two choices: pull the knife out and bleed to death as a coward, or leave it in so a physician would have time to find and heal her but then Merwyn would have to watch as her world collapsed around her. Merwyn, leaving the knife in for a time, eventually made her way back to her throne and situated herself back in her seat, only to soon be encountered by an angry mob. Not wishing to fall to this, Merwyn pulled the knife out and soon died there.
Balor, meanwhile, soon ran into opposition from Syndril and Zacaré just as he returned with chaos. Sacrificing himself, Syndril had Zacaré bind him with Balor and, using the merge, destroyed the monolith, killing both himself and Balor in the process.
Later years.
With the three main governmental positions dead or missing, it's unclear if the Golden Empire fell with Merwyn's death, or some time later. Eventually it was dissolved though by the time humans took over as the main rulers of the Continent and the capital city later became the capital for Cintra.

</doc>
<doc id="119915" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119915" title="Olcan">
Olcan

 &lt;ns&gt;0&lt;/ns&gt;
 &lt;revision&gt;
 &lt;timestamp&gt;2023-01-06T10:15:08Z&lt;/timestamp&gt;
 &lt;contributor&gt;
 &lt;username&gt;SMiki55&lt;/username&gt;
 &lt;/contributor&gt;
 &lt;comment&gt;SMiki55 moved page Olcan to Olcan Grandemot: Full name from A Tome of Chaos&lt;/comment&gt;
 &lt;origin&gt;577650&lt;/origin&gt;
 &lt;model&gt;wikitext&lt;/model&gt;
 &lt;format&gt;text/x-wiki&lt;/format&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="119921" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119921" title="Stinger">
Stinger

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Stinger&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Stinger is a Cursed One class monster featured in "". It is vulnerable to silver and fire. The monster resembles a shrivelled corpse of a woman with a hornet nest placed in her stomach. The head is covered by a sack. Strings with bells are wrapped around the creature's body, which may be a reference to a medieval practice of marking leprosy victims. The monster deals damage through hornets, which swarm the player character. It is not specified how does one become a stinger, nor if the curse can be lifted.
Other variations.
Hiver.
It is a low level, common variation of the stinger. Its face is partially uncovered, and it has fewer bell strings around its body.
Swarm Mother.
It is an extreme level, legendary monster. It has an unique head covering - a beekeeper's hat worn over a torn veil. The Swarm Mother was a final monster of Lammas event in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="119923" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119923" title="Weremole">
Weremole

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Weremole&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Common weremole is a Cursed One class monster featured in "". It is vulnerable to silver and kinetic damage. The monster is a low level therianthrope of unknown origin. The bestiary only mentions its name is deceptive, as the creature's muzzle is not of a mole.

</doc>
<doc id="119925" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119925" title="Fungoid">
Fungoid

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Fungoid&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Fungoids are a group of hybrid class monsters featured in "". They are vurnerable to steel and fire. The fungoid attacks by swinging its long arms around and releasing a cloud of spores. Fungoids have close relationship with nature as they can communicate with nearby fungi and exchange information through soil. They dwell in the wilderness and are active at night.
Fungoid variations.
Common fungoid is a low level common monster, while russet fungoid is a mid level rare one. The only difference in appearance is their coloring - common fungoid being beige, and russet fungoid beigh violet. According to the bestiary, russet fugoid produces a strong toxin. Cultists of the Lionhead Spider are said to feed fungoid remains to their children to induce prophetic visions.

</doc>
<doc id="119929" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119929" title="Thorstein">
Thorstein

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Thorstein&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Thorstein is a traveling merchant from Skellige who accompanies the player character in "". He appears in every quest, offering help or commenting the events. He is the face of the in-game store, always appearing at the top of the panel, greeting the player when opening the store tab or sharing info about the weather.
"Later it was said that the man came from the west, lurching slightly under the weight of the plump bundle on his back, stuffed full of things of no use whatsoever to the average man, this one included. His pouch fluttered in the valley's wind, filling all observers' hearts with a deep melancholy..."
Personality.
Thorstein bears similarities to Dandelion - he becomes a travel companion for the playable character, despite the initial reluctance of the witcher. He is jovial, talkative, often joking and sharing his opinion on various topics. He sometimes shares loot gained during quests with his companion, proving his generosity.

</doc>
<doc id="119930" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119930" title="Liho">
Liho

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Liho&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;General Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other Names&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="classification"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Classification&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt; 
 &lt;data source="sub_races"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Subspecies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="civilizations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Civilizations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="languages"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Languages&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="locations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Locations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Characteristics&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="lifespan"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Average Lifespan&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="average_height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Average Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin Color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair Color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye Color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="distinctions"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Distinctions&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Liho is a relict class legendary monster appearing in ". The monster is nocturnal and has the power to posses items and can invoke a strong curse on its target.
"There are many myths and old wives' tales surrounding the liho. Yet, as Lars Noren proved, the one about them accelerating milk's fermentation happens to be true."
Appearance.
The monster has body of a female corpse, skull-like head with white hair and a third eye on its forehead. Its has skinny, long limbs and sharp claws. It is clad in grey tattered rags and a linen hood.
Liho's curse.
A cursed individual experiences extreme fatigue and hallucinations. In order to lift the curse, one needs to lure the liho out by burning the cursed item in a fire lit with leshen moss and cowbane. After banishing the liho, if the ritual is not conducted properly, the monster's curse can later reappear. In order to prevent this, the cursed object has to be disposed of far away from the place of conducting the ritual.

</doc>
<doc id="119932" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119932" title="Dol Tirthana">
Dol Tirthana

Dol Tirthana (com. "Valley of Boars") is a region formerly inhabitated by the elves. Due to its heritage, it attracts researchers and adventurers. This region is mentioned in several quests in "". One of its settlements, Darach Dearg, serves as a trading hub for locals and has its own herbalist and a smith. Most of the NPCs from the game live there.

</doc>
<doc id="119934" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119934" title="Dehael">
Dehael

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Dehael&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Dehael is an errand boy from Dol Tirthana. He is featured in several quests as a side character and provides information related to story progression.
"Rabella stood bent over a wooden washtub, vigorously scrubbing a red and yellow shirt against a washboard. (Her hair bristled at the mere thought of how much the damn dye cost.) She glanced sideways at her brother sitting nearby. He was still wearing his messenger's pants, dripping with slime - they were awaiting their turn in the tub. She looked carefully at his face, lost in thought, and sighed. She knew that look."Raba..." began Dehael. "Ach, here we go again!" thought the girl, but smiled in spite of herself."Well? What've ye thought up now?""
Appearance.
Dehael has fair, freckled complexion and hazel eyes. He wears a red and orange courier outfit, a matching hat and a wooden sword.
Personality.
Dehael is energetic and talkative. He is one of the few characters the player can have a longer conversation with. He often gets in trouble while adventuring, causing his family distress with his reckless behavior. He looks up to the player character, seeking their advice.
Game paths.
Choices made at the end of season 1 in "Intruder", can define Dehael's fate. If his village is destroyed, the boy is killed, and the player will receive a bloody sword trinket. If Darach Dearg still exists, the grateful boy will reward the player with his wooden sword.

</doc>
<doc id="119935" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119935" title="The Witcher Monster Slayer glossary">
The Witcher Monster Slayer glossary

Glossary is an index of non-playable characters in "". Character icons are revealed as the story progresses and descriptions of some of them depend on choices made by the player. There are 17 characters in total.

</doc>
<doc id="119977" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119977" title="The Witcher Monster Slayer gifts">
The Witcher Monster Slayer gifts

The page is a list of all available gifts in "". These items cannot be crafted or purchased, however they affect gameplay by modifying statistics or being used in combat. Most often they are related to a seasonal event.
Packs.
Packages were given to users for leveling up, completing contracts or were handed out during seasonal events. A gift could not be opened if received as a prize, it had to be sent to another player who could then unpack it. The sender had no control over what a package contained, which was only suggested by the description.

</doc>
<doc id="119978" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119978" title="The Witcher Monster Slayer baits">
The Witcher Monster Slayer baits

This page is a list of all baits available in "". In version 1.1 only a basic lure was available, which attracted random monsters to nemeta. This item could not be crafted, but was available for purchase or received as a reward for completing contracts or leveling up. Patch 1.2 restored class-specific lures, which could be crafted at the alchemy station after reaching level 30.

</doc>
<doc id="119980" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119980" title="Nemeton">
Nemeton

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Nemeton&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="owner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Owner/Ruler&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="country"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Country&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="capital"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Capital&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="population"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Population&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="demonym"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Demonym&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="2"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Emblem(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="flag"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="2"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="geo_map"&gt;&lt;label&gt;World&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="city_map"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Nemeton (pl. "nemeta") is a monster spawning point on the map in "", which is meant to be cleared as a challenge. It resembles a huge, dead tree glowing red. It is indicated in the map view as a white tree inside a circle.
During one challenge session, three random same-class monsters spawn - two of the same difficulty level and one boss. After clearing the nemeton, the player has to wait a few hours for more monsters to appear. However it is possible to speed up the process by placing a bait in the nemeton, making opponents spawn instantly. The ability to purify nemeta unlocks at level 10.
Uncovering the mystery behind the nemeton is the main goal of "What Lurks In the Nemeta" quest. According to the description in the diary, the nemeton is a product of the Conjunction of the Spheres. It attracts monsters from the area in a mysterious way. Despite resembling a tree, it is an unknown living organism. Nemeta dwelling monsters do not differ from their kind, with the exemption of them not attacking other monsters in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="119989" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119989" title="The Witcher Monster Slayer scrolls">
The Witcher Monster Slayer scrolls

This page is a list of all scrolls available in "". Scrolls could not be crafted, but they were available in the shop or given as a reward for completing contracts or levelling up.

</doc>
<doc id="119993" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119993" title="Margit (scholar)">
Margit (scholar)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Margit (scholar)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Margit is a scholar stationed at Dol Tirthana, who specializes in elven culture. She commissions the witcher in "Good Money" quest and appears in "What Lurks In the Nemeta".
"She was once seen at midnight, clad in nothing but moonlight, smearing jar upon jar of creams and ointments into her skin and hair. She leapt wildly as she did this, hooting incomprehensibly. The miller's wife told anyone who'd listen it was an ancient ritual concocted by "those filthy elves" in order to beguile and tempt gods-fearing, virtuous men. The reality was much less exciting - it was just damned difficult to wash ink stains off the skin."
Personality.
Margit is viewed as eccentric, which creates tension between her and the locals. However, she is professional and straightforward when doing business. She commissions the witcher to help her with research, and after the matter has been taken care of, she loses any interest in further conversation. She treats people very objectively, as even the news of her co-worker dying barely shocks her.
Related quests.
Finding her is the main objective in "Good Money" quest, as she appraises the elven statue and commissions the witcher to find ingredients for her.
She appears briefly in "What Lurks In the Nemeta", as she pays the witcher for bringing her associate's notebook.

</doc>
<doc id="119994" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119994" title="Good Money">
Good Money

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;Good Money&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;Good Money&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Good Money is a quest in "".
Walkthrough.
The quest begins by talking to Thorstein. You must find Margit, a scholar who is supposed to help identify the elven statue.
Margit buys the artifact and then smashes it into pieces. It appears that a scroll was hidden inside the statue. Margit tasks you with obtaining an endrega fetus for making a special ink.
While visiting the first location, you need to kill two low level endregas. They don't pose much challange, but you can use insectoid oil or bombs if necessary. After the monsters are slain, the witcher finds Dehael in one of the cocoons.
The fetus can only be obtained in the second location, after defeating mid level endrega warriors. They are a bit more demanding than the previous ones, so it is recommended to use insectoid oil or bombs.
Margit pays gold after receiveing the fetus. Upon completion of the quest, you also receive the "Inner Beauty trinket".
 "Margit - that was the name of the scholar of elven culture we were looking for - paid good money for the figurine, just as Thorstein promised and immediately smashed it on the ground, taking a tiny, mysterious scroll from the pieces. Pleased with her discovery, she offered me another contract - to find her an endrega fetus in the early stages of development. She'd need it to make some kind of special ink."
 "IT ISN'T EASY TO SURPRISE A WITCHER, BUT THE SIGHT OF THE CHILD ROLLING OUT OF AN ENDREGA COCOON SURPRISED EVEN HIM/HER."
 "UNLIKE THORSTEIN, HIS/HER JAW WAS HARDLY ON THE FLOOR, BUT HE/SHE SILENTLY WATCHED AS THE TEN-YEAR-OLD BOY PICKED HIMSELF OFF THE GRASS AND TRIED TO WIPE OFF THE GOOPY, STICKY SLIME."
 "Wasn't too hard to find an endrega nest. The search came with its share of surprises, though - when I opened the first cocoon, a local errand boy called Dehael fell out. Curious kid, that one. Sadly, he'd squashed every damned thing in that cocoon, so I had to keep looking."
 "Luckily, no one was hiding in the next cocoon. This time I was able to extract the fetuses my employer requested."
 "Margit paid for my services, then immediately forgot I existed. After I pestered her for more information, she told me I should have no trouble finding witcher work around here."

</doc>
<doc id="119995" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119995" title="To the Rescue (Monster Slayer quest)">
To the Rescue (Monster Slayer quest)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;To the Rescue&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;To the Rescue (Monster Slayer quest)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
To the Rescue ia a quests in "".
Walkthrough.
The quest begins by talking to Kienan. He claims that his wife has fallen into a deep pit and is asking for help.
On the spot, instead of a woman, you find a devourer. It's a bit stronger than the one from the tutorial, so it's recommended to use necrophage oil, Thunderbolt or other stats boosting potion and bombs.
After slaying the monster, Kienan asks for mercy, you can spare his life in exchange for a reward or kill him.
If you let him go, he gives you the key to a treasure chest marked on the map. Killing Kienan also grants you a key, but you cannot discover the location of the chest and you can't get the reward.
 "A man named Kienan stopped me on the road. He was shaken - his wife had fallen into a deep hole and needed help. I agreed to do what I could."
 "THERE WAS NO PIT. NO "WOLF DEN." NO INJURED WOMAN. THE WITCHER TOOK A LOOK AT THE DEVOURER THAT WAS THERE INSTEAD. THANKS TO HIS/HER WITCHER SENSES, HE/SHE WAS ABLE TO HEAR THE MAN'S SILENT WORDS: "ENJOY YOUR MEAL.""
 "SIGHING HEAVILY, HE/SHE IGNORED THORSTEIN'S STUPID COMMENTARY - SOMETHING ABOUT THE MAN'S LOVELY WIFE - AND DREW HIS/HER SWORD. FIRST, HE/SHE'D DEAL WITH THE MONSTER. AND THEN WOULD COME TIME TO DEAL WITH THE CON MAN."
 "No wife was waiting where Kienan took us - a devourer was waiting instead. I made quick work of the monster - Kienan wasn't expecting that."
If Kienan is spared
 "He tried to play dumb but eventually admitted that the devourer had, well, devoured his entire acting troupe. He saved his own ass by convincing her to work with him. He would bring her victims and then strip the corpses of any valuables. He promised to give these to me if I spared his life. I agreed."
 "THE WITCHER DECIDED TO LET THE ACTOR WALK FREE. IN EXCHANGE, HE/SHE RECEIVED A KEY AS WELL AS THE LOCATION OF THE CHEST IT OPENED."
 "THORSTEIN TOOK A PEEK AT THE DEVOURER'S CORPSE. SHE, AT LEAST, COULD DO NO HARM EVER AGAIN."
If Kienan is killed
 "I decided he would be joining his partner."

</doc>
<doc id="119996" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119996" title="Evil Never Sleeps">
Evil Never Sleeps

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;Evil Never Sleeps&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;Evil Never Sleeps&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Evil Never Sleeps ia a quest in "".
Walkthrough.
The quest begins with talking to Bedwyr, who commissions you to get rid of arachnomorphs. During slaying the monsters you rescue a local river port captain - Maredudd. After killing the arachnomorphs, Maredudd thanks you for help and later you are delivered gold by Dehael.
After returning to Bedwyr for the proper payment, you receive a mysterious amulet. It turns out it's cursed, and it makes every creature you come across look like a liho. Bedwyr shares his diary, which contains tips on how to get rid of the curse.
In order to break it, you need to collect leshen moss and cowbane, light a bonfire and then, cast the ingredients and the amulet into it. The leshen moss is obtained by killing a leshen hound, it's better to prepare before the fight by using a relict oil or a booster potion. The cowbane can be picked in a location marked on the map. After assembling all ingredients and performing the ritual, a real liho appears. It's a pretty strong opponent, so it's recommended to use a combinaion of relict oil, potions and bombs to defeat it.
After killing the monster, dispose of the amulet at least 1000 m from the site of performing the ritual, so that the curse doesn't return. You can also throw it out anywhere, but the curse will not break properly.
Afterwards, go to Bedwyr for payment, you can take the money and leave or insult him for deceiving you.
 "Met a man named Bedwyr of Ewigbrid, who hired me to deal with some arachnomorphs that had infested the edge of a nearby forest. He must've been losing plenty of sleep over these monsters because he looked like he was on his last legs."
 "THE WITCHER CAME UPON A NEST OF ARACHNOMORPHS, AND IN IT - BESIDES TWO MONSTERS WAS A LONGISH COCOON SMOTHERED IN SPIDERWEBS."
 "WHEN THE COCOON STARTED TO SQUIRM VIOLENTLY AND EMIT STRANGE, MUFFLED NOISES, THE WITCHER BOLDLY UNSHEATHED HIS/HER SWORD AND ATTACKED."
 "I killed the arachnomorphs and managed to save Maredudd - the captain of the local river port - while I was at it."
 "Turned out the contract was a ruse. That amulet Bedwyr gave me as thanks for my help? Cursed. And this curse can only be passed on to someone with no knowledge of it. Apparently, it could be undone - but you'd need a witcher to do it. The information I need will be in the journal of that scholar who was investigating the curse."
 "I read the journal. The curse's symptoms manifest as extreme exhaustion and visual and auditory hallucinations, among others. To break it, I need to defeat the liho trapped inside the amulet. Throwing the amulet into a fire along with a mixture of leshen moss and cowbane should lure the monster out."
 "I prepared a mixture ecessary ingredients. I'm hoping the journal's instructions are effective because these hallucinations are not making my job any easier."
 "It worked. I beat the liho. Now, there's a decision to make - save time and toss the amulet somewhere near where I defeated the monster against the scholar's advice? Or, avoid risking the curse's return and dump it at least a thousand paces away from the site?"
 If the amulet is discarded in a remote place
 "I decided to play it safe, and according to the instructions, threw the amulet far from where I beat the liho. The curse most likely won't return."
 "I went back to Bedwyr, who'd put me in this mess in the first place. Told him I'd undone the curse and took the reward he offered. A real reward this time."
 The good ending cutscene
 "FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A LONG, LONG TIME, BEDWYR FELT LIKE HIMSELF, LIKE HE COULD BREATHE EASY. THANKS TO THE WITCHER, NO ONE WOULD FALL VICTIM TO THE CURSED AMULET EVER AGAIN."

</doc>
<doc id="119997" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119997" title="The Dark Side of the Full Moon">
The Dark Side of the Full Moon

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;The Dark Side of the Full Moon&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;The Dark Side of the Full Moon&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
The Dark Side of the Full Moon is a quest in "".
Walkthrough.
The quest can only be started during a full moon. Go to the blacksmith's forge at night, where you find claw marks. You need to follow the monster's trail and save Lothar.
After reaching the place where the tracks lead, it turns out that the blacksmith himself is a werewolf. If you talk to him, he reveals a handful of information about the nature of his curse.
 In order to withstand the fight, you need to prepare accordingly by using a cursed one oil, potions like "Thunderblot" and "Cat" or a "Moon Dust" bomb. It's better to use a good silver sword, since the werewolf is a strong opponent.
After completing the quest, you will receive the "The Werewolf's Lot" trinket and "Lothar's notes".
 "The smithy was suspiciously empty when I stopped by. The anvil was still radiating warmth, and I spotted werewolf prints nearby. Noting that the moon was full, I decided to investigate this lead and followed the tracks."
 If Lothar is spared
 "The werewolf turned out to be the blacksmith. He promised me that he could control the beast within, thanks to an infusion of wolfsbane. I believed him and let him go free."
 "THE WITCHER DECIDED THAT LOTHAR POSED NO REAL DANGER AND SET HIM FREE. THOUGH THE BLACKSMITH'S FATE WAS HARDLY ENVIABLE, THE MAN DID HIS BEST TO LIVE WITH HUMAN DIGNITY. PROVING WEREWOLVES DIDN'T ALWAYS SUCCUMB TO THE BEAST WITHIN."
 "Lothar thanked me with a treasure map. I offered to help him lift the curse, but he wasn't interested - apparently, it had already been tried. The secret of his lycanthropy would stay between us."

</doc>
<doc id="119998" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119998" title="Sword in the Stone">
Sword in the Stone

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;Sword in the Stone&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;Sword in the Stone&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Sword in the Stone is a quest in "".
Walkthrough.
The quest is started by:
After looking at the map, go to the marked location. Thorstein helps you read the inscription: you must come to the sword at dusk to learn its name. The game has a built-in clock showing the beginning of the times of the day, which you need to pay attention to in the next stage.
Upon returning at dusk, you can read the name of the sword - "Dawnbringer". In order to draw the sword, you need to return at dawn, as indicated by the in-game clock.
At dawn, you speak the name and the "Guardian of the Sword" - a stone golem, appears. The golem is a mid level monster, so using Dimeritium bomb and elemental oil is a good idea. After defeating the guardian, you receive the sword as a trophy.
 "I received a map from Lothar. He told me it'd lead me to a treasure, so I thought I should investigate."
 "I found a sword that was somehow trapped in a large boulder. No amount of human - or witcher-strength could pull it from the stone. However, Thorstein and I deduced that at sunset, the sword's name would appear and that we should speak the name at sunrise."
 "When I returned to the stone at dusk, I saw that some of the inscription letters were glowing. They spelled out the sword's name - Deitmenae. Dawnbringer."
 "At dawn I spoke the name. Wasn't too surprised when the rock turned out to be a dormant golem. I defeated it and took the sword, a nice piece of quality eleven steel."

</doc>
<doc id="119999" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=119999" title="What Lurks In the Nemeta">
What Lurks In the Nemeta

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;What Lurks In the Nemeta&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;What Lurks In the Nemeta&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
What Lurks In the Nemeta is a quest in "".
Walkthrough.
This quest is unlocked when you reach level 10 (v1.1) or 20 (v1.2), right after clearing your first nemeton.
Next to a nemeton, there's a body of a man and a notebook. It shows that the nemeta researcher intended to meet his associate at Traegan Well, at sunset in a few days.
It's not specified exactly in how many days you need to meet the associate, but it's better to go to the meeting as soon as possible, at sunset. After missing the deadline, the task cannot be completed.
It appears that Margit is the associate, as she's the one meeting you at the well. You can tell her why the researcher was killed or you can lie to her. She gives you gold coins as a reward.
 "I cleaned out one of the nemeta I stumbled upon in Dol Tirthana and found a recently dead man nearby. I picked up his notes to try and establish what happened to him..."'
 "Rodrick's notes told me he was studying nemeta phenomena. He had a colleague who'd be waiting at the Traegan well at sunset for the next few days. I thought it'd be useful to meet him and give him the sad news."
 If the witcher misses the meeting
 "I missed the window during which Rodrick's colleague would've been waiting for the results. Too bad - but I'm sure he'd guessed what must've happened."

</doc>
<doc id="120000" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120000" title="Will O'The Wisp (quest)">
Will O'The Wisp (quest)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;Will O'The Wisp&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;Will O'The Wisp (quest)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Will O'The Wisp is a quest in "".
Walkthrough.
The quest unlocks after reaching level 10 (v1.1) or 20 (v1.2). It's started by clearing a nemeton marked on the map. There are two foglets and an Ignis Fatuus. Foglets are easy difficulty monsters, while Ignis Fatuus ia a mid one. You might want to use a necrophage oil and a "Thunderbolt" potion before the fight. Equipping a silver sword is also advised.
After defeating the monsters, a will o' the wisp appears, which you have to follow to 3 marked locations. From the moment you reach the second location, you have only 15 minutes to complete the task. It cannot be completed after the time runs out.
There is a treasure in the last location.
 "A will o' the wisp flew out of one of the nemeta and floated forward as if trying to show Thorstein and me something. Curious, we decided to follow it."
 "WHEN THE LAST MONSTER FELL, A TINY BRIGHT LIGHT FLOATED OUT A CRACK IN THE NEMETON. THE WILL 0' THE WISP SPUN IN THE AIR, FLARED UP, THEN GLIDED STRAIGHT AHEAD."
 "IT STOPPED A FEW DOZEN PACES AWAY AS IF WAITING FOR SOMEONE. THE WITCHER AND THORSTEIN GAPED AT EACH OTHER IN ASTONISHMENT, THEN FOLLOWED THE LITTLE FLAME."
 "It was worth it. Took a while, but in the end, the wisp led us to a chest containing a little something."

</doc>
<doc id="120001" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120001" title="Monster Slayer (Monster Slayer quest)">
Monster Slayer (Monster Slayer quest)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;Monster Slayer&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;Monster Slayer (Monster Slayer quest)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Monster Slayer is a quest in "".
Walkthrough.
Starting the quest can be a bit tricky. You must kill at least 1 rock troll, then lose to the next one you encounter several times until the troll talks. It's not specified how many trolls you have to kill, or how many times you have to lose to the troll before it talks.
Trolls are mid level mosnters and can be quite challenging, so it's better to prepare for the fight with an ogroid oil, booster potions and a steel sword of choice.
The troll introduces himself as Grub and offers you a contract to find the killer of his cousins.
Grub guides you to the crime scene. After inspecting the dead troll, you need to decide who is to blame:
The journal entry varies depending on the ending. It's easy to end this quest by angering Grub while talking to him for the first time or by killing other trolls while the quest is active. In both cases, the troll attacks.
 "The life of a witcher is full of surprises. One day, a troll blocked my path - but not to kill me. "Somebody" (me) had killed his cousin and some other trolls. So, this one, Grub, wanted to hire me. And that's the story of how I took a contract to hunt and kill myself."
 If bandits are blamed
 "I tried to put the blame on bandits, but Grub turned out to be smarter than his thick skull let on. He attacked me and left me no choice."
 If Grub is killed
 "He joined his cousin in the ground."
 If the nekker shaman is blamed
 "I put the blame on a nekker shaman because I knew such creatures were easy pickings around here. My story was as thin as a cyclops thigh was thick, but Grub believed every word."
 Choosing gold
 "I received gold as a reward."

</doc>
<doc id="120002" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120002" title="Pride Ain't Cheap">
Pride Ain't Cheap

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;Pride Ain't Cheap&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;Pride Ain't Cheap&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Sins of our Fathers is a quest in "".
Walkthrough.
The quest begins by finding an unconscious witcher. It turns out that he intentionally put himself into hibernation. A note found next to him orders you to bring him to the local herbalist, Varik.
Varik orders you to collect the ingredients needed for the antidote - drowner's saliva and mugwort. The herbalist gives the player character a potion that is supposed to make the body immune to toxins, but also has a negative effect on the stats. After drinking the potion, you have 2 hours to find the ingredients. During the quest, you must kill a drowner for its saliva and a giant centipede guarding the location of the mugwort. These monsters aren't too demanding, but you can make the fight easier by using a necrophage or insectoid oil and a silver sword.
After receiving the ingredients, Varik prepares the antidote and orders you to wait until tomorrow, when the mysterious witcher wakes up. After visiting the herbalist again, the witcher introduces himself as Vesemir and offers you to fulfill a certain contract insted of him. Varik gives you an antidote for the anti-toxin potion. After completing the quest, you receive the "Brother in Arms" trinket.
 "While Thorstein and I were exploring Dol Tirthana, we stumbled upon a witcher kneeling on the ground. It seemed he'd self-induced hibernation. I thought I'd seen him around Kaer Morhen, but I couldn't put my finger on his name. The wound on his arm, though ugly, could not be the cause of his current state. Beside him lay a small note: "Bring me to Varik the herbalist. Tell him he was right.""
 "I carried the unconscious witcher to the herbalist, Varik. The man, who turned out to be as eccentric as he was grumpy, revealed that my colleague had ignored his advice and stubbornly decided to walk through some highly poisonous plants without a protective decoction. I promised to find the ingredients for an antidote."
 "I was able to collect the drowner's saliva and mistle root. The herbalist told me to visit the witcher the next day. He'd have regained consciousness by then."
 "So I did."
 "Vesemir - the witcher I rescued. Though the passing years and mistle poisoning didn't manage to tame his sharp tongue, it'll be a good while before he can return to The Path. As thanks for rescuing him, he gave me some supplies and suggested I take over a contract he wasn't in a state to complete. I'll return to him for details if I decide take it."
 "WHEN THEY RETURNED TO THE HEALER'S HUT, THE WITCHER WAS AWAKE. THOUGH CLEARLY WEAKENED, NURSING ONE ARM IN A SLING, HE TURNED A SHARP GAZE ON HIS VISITORS. HE THEN STOOD WITH DIFFICULTY AND PROPOSED THAT THEY SPEAK OUTSIDE."

</doc>
<doc id="120004" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120004" title="Sins of our Fathers">
Sins of our Fathers

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;Sins of our Fathers&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;Sins of our Fathers&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Sins of our Fathers is a quest in "". It unlocks after completing "Pride Ain't Cheap".
Walkthrough.
This quest is started by talking to Vesemir after completing "Pride Ain't Cheap" quest. Vesemir orders you to go to the client, a hermit, to verify the contract. He also gives you his journal, containing information about the striga.
In the marked location, you meet the hermit fighting an arachas, you need to help him by killing the monster. The hermit confirms the contract. You can tell him about the option to lift the curse from the striga.
To lift the curse, you need vodnik's blood and candles. A vodnik can be found somewhere in the area, and candles are provided by Thorstein. He suggests buying them for 60 coins, but he doesn't charge anything.
 The striga is pretty difficult to kill, since it's an extreme level legendary monster - a White Striga. Recommended items to use in the fight are: booster potions like "Thunderbolt", "Cat" or "Swift", a couple of "Moon Dust" bombs, a cursed ones oil and a good silver sword like "Melltith", "Manticore" or "Griffin" sword.
 "Vesemir gave me the details of the contract I'd accepted. It involves the disposing of a striga - or breaking her curse. Depends on what I decide to do."
 "Vesemir told me the person who'd offered him the job was a hermit, so I was expecting someone more... anemic. Meanwhile, here was this big, brawny warrior fighting an arachas, the two going head to head, nearly evenly matched. I gave him a hand. After the fight, I officially accepted the contract."
 If the hermit is told about the possibility of lifting the curse
 "Against Vesemir's advice, I mentioned to the hermit that I could break the curse. I hoped this wouldn't bite me in the ass later."
 "WHEN THE WITCHER AND THORSTEIN ARRIVED AT THE HUT. THEY SPOTTED A BIG, BURLY MAN FIGHTING AN ARACHAS. HIS MOVES BELIED UNCOMMON SKILL FOR A HUMAN AT LEAST."
 "THOUGH THE MAN SEEMED TO BE FARING WELL ENOUGH ON HIS OWN. THE WITCHER PREFERRED NOT TO TAKE ANY CHANCES - HE/SHE PROMPTLY RUSHED INTO FIGHT."
 If the curse is lifted
 "Spending a night in that musty crypt was... unpleasant, to say the least, but I was able to break the striga's curse. The hermit gave me his old armor in thanks. Nice bit of equipment."
 "THE WITCHER SURVEYED THE BONES, PICKED CLEAN AND STREWN HAPHAZARDLY ON THE GROUND BEFORE THE CRYPT. THEN, HE/SHE STEPPED INSIDE AND BLOCKADED THE DOOR."
 "AS THE RITUAL INDICATED, HE/SHE LIT THE FIRST CANDLE AND BEGAN THE INCANTATION. ALL THAT COULD BE HEARD WAS HIS/HER STEADY VOICE - AND THE DISTANT HOWLS OF THE STRIGA."
 "THE CURSE NOW LIFTED. THE GIRL LOOKED FIT AND HEALTHY, BUT SOMETHING IN HER MOUEMENTS RECALLED THE WILD THING SHE'D BEEN."
 "MANY HARDSHIPS AWAITED THE HERMIT AND HIS LONG-LOST DAUGHTER ON THE ROAD AHEAD. BUT THANKS TO THE WITCHER, THEIR FUTURE WAS NOW SHINING BRIGHTER THAN BEFORE."
 If the striga is killed
 "THE WITCHER SLAYED THE STRIGA. IT TURNED OUT THAT VESEMIR WAS INDEED RIGHT TO WARN HIM/HER AGAINST IGNITING THE HERMIT'S HOPES. SURPRISED BY HIS ATTACK, THE WITCHER WAS UNABLE TO DEFEAT THE GRIEF-CRAZED MAN AND HAD TO DEPART WITHOUT HIS/HER COIN."
"SOMETIME LATER, THE NEIGHBORING VILLAGE'S INHABITANTS FOUND HIS ABANDONED HUT. NO ONE COULD SAY FOR SURE WHAT HAD HAPPENED TO THE HERMIT WHO ONCE LIVED THERE."

</doc>
<doc id="120005" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120005" title="The Great Mushrooming">
The Great Mushrooming

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;The Great Mushrooming&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;The Great Mushrooming&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
The Great Mushrooming is a quest in "".
Walkthrough.
The quest is started by talking to an eccentric man. He informs you about a mushroom picking competition and gives you the key to a treasure chest.
After finding the treasure, go to mayor Goronwy, who organizes "The Great Mushrooming". He explains the rules - whoever collects the most mushrooms within 24 hours, wins. You can sign up immediately, which starts the timer, or say you're not ready and continue the quest later.
After the counter starts, mushroom markers start to appear on the map. Each of them spawns 1 to 7 mushrooms. They don't go in your inventory, so there's no limit of how much you can collect. During this stage you shouldn't mark another quest as active or mushrooms will stop generating.
When the game displays a message: "All right. Mushrooms are bursting from the basket. Should be enough", it means that you should score the 1st place. In order to win you should allegedly have over 150 mushrooms.
While picking mushrooms, you will come across 4 random encounters: a mushroom picker rescue, a dead cyclops, a chat with Dehael, and killing draconids.
After 24 hours have passed, return to the mayor. During the award ceremony, a fiend appears and you need to take care of it. Then the mayor grants you a prize adequate to the amount of picked mushrooms - a "mushroom statue" trinket, and for killing the fiend - the "Mushroom Sentinel" trinket. At the end, you warn the mayor about the frightener.
 "Looking around for work, I ran into a very strange man on the road who seemed to be waiting for me. Muttering something about how I was "gonna do just fine" (in what?), he urged me to take part in the Great Mushrooming (the what?!). Somewhere in his crazed mumblings, I heard him tell me where I would find something I was looking for. That sounded worth looking into, at least."
 "Sure enough, there was a chest where he'd told me to go and the key I'd found earlier fit. The strange man's advice, it seemed, had gotten me this far, so I decided to take part in this "Great Mushrooming."
 "I introduced myself to the mayor of Darach Dearg and officially became a mushroomer. The competition would last twenty-four hours, so I set off to hunt for mushrooms hoping to earn the winner's purse."
 "During the competition, I ran into a rival who'd run up a tree to escape some nekkers. Her mushroom basket lay on the ground nearby."
 If Emlyn is saved
 "Would've been easy to nab it and go, but I decided to help her out. In thanks, Emlyn, as she was called, told me where I could find a huge patch of porcinis. However, she warned me that it was also the territory of a leshen."
 "TEARING THROUGH THE WOODS, THE WITCHER HEARD SOMEONE CALLING FOR HELP. WHEN HE/SHE ARRIVED ON THE SCENE, HE/SHE NEARLY TRIPPED ON AN OVERTURNED BASKET OF MUSHROOMS."
 "ITS OWNER WAS SITTING IN AN OLD OAK, BENEATH WHICH WERE TWO NEKKERS INTENT ON REACHING HER. PREOCCUPIED WITH THE MONSTERS, THE WOMAN DIDN'T NOTICE THE WITCHER STANDING NEARBY."
 "This forest was full of surprises - like this cyclops corpse. After a quick inspection, I concluded that the giant had been killed by a frightener. The locals were in for some real trouble if such a dangerous insectoid was prowling the area."
 "Sometime later I crossed paths with Dehael. Talkative little snot was on an errand, but as usual, he had time to ask me a long list of questions."
 If Dehael is ignored
 "I didn't have time to chat, however."
 "Besides the frightener, some draconids were wreaking havoc in the forest. The only remnant of their latest victim was a chewed-off arm. I tracked the monsters and killed them."
 "After twenty-four hours, the Great Mushrooming was over. A raging fiend interrupted the awards ceremony. Good thing I was there to help, otherwise the day would've ended in tragedy."
 If the main prize is won
 "I killed the fiend, and I won the title of Champion Mushroomer! Not only did I earn a trophy and "eternal glory," but, most importantly, I took home a fat winner's purse."
 "Before I left, I told the mayor about the frightener tracks I'd come across earlier. He promised he would soon have someone summon me to discuss the matter with him further."
 "THE AWARDS CEREMONY HAD BARELY BEGUN WHEN SUDDENLY. A RABID, RAGING FIEND STORMED INTO THE CROWD. IT WAS ITS UNLUCKY DAY, HOWEVER, GIVEN THE PRESENCE OF A CERTAIN WITCHER AT THAT VERY CEREMONY..."

</doc>
<doc id="120006" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120006" title="Intruder">
Intruder

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;format&gt;Intruder&lt;/format&gt;&lt;default&gt;Intruder&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Description&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="region"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Region(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="location"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Location(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Suggested Level&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="reward"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Reward(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="previous"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Previous Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="next"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Next Quest&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Additional Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="cutoff_quest"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cutoff Point&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="enemies"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Enemies&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Map(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;image source="location_map" /&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Intruder is the final quest in "". It ends the first season of quests. It is a direct continuation of "The Great Mushrooming" quest.
Walkthrough.
This quest is unlocked after "The Great Mushrooming" and "Sins of our Fathers" are completed. It begins with a message brought by Dehael. Mayor Goronwy calls you for an urgent meeting.
The mayor informs you that a local family of farmers has been killed by a monster. Go to the marked location and examine the crime scene. It turns out that the killer is the frightener. After the investigation, the monster appears and the fight begins.
The frightener is a very tough opponent - an extreme level legendary monster. It's vulnerable to silver and strong attacks, so use of a good silver sword (like "Melltith, Ursine or Griffin" swords), more than 1 booster potion (like "Thunderbolt, Cat, Petri's Philter, Swift"), insectoid oil and preparing a few "Moon Dust" bombs is advised.
The quest has three endings:
In the last 2 variants, you can also track down and kill the frightener, and then return to the surviving mayor for the reward. You will receive 50 coins.
 "The mayor promised he'd send someone to me about a contract on the frightener."
 "Goronwy wanted to hire me to kill the frightener, which had already slaughtered a family of farmers. I decided to make my way to the farm and take a look around."
 "The mayor wasn't exaggerating. At the farm, we were met with a truly grisly sight - bodies strewn across the road, and blood running down the walls. The tracks - feet and an abdomen imprinted in the mud - made it obvious a frightener was responsible for the massacre. I followed its trail."
 "AS THEY NEARED THE FARMHOUSE, THORSTEIN REGRETTED HIS HEARTY BREAKFAST. THE SIGHT OF THE GRISLY SCENE PAINTED IN RED BEFORE THEIR EYES THREATENED TO CALL THAT BREAKFAST BACK UP HIS GULLET."
 "THE WITCHER BEGAN TO EXAMINE THE BODIES. ALL THE SIGNS INDICATED A FRIGHTENER - A DANGEROUS INSECTOID. THEY FOLLOWED IN ITS TRACKS."
 If the frightener is killed right away
 "The frightener turned out to be a strong and dangerous opponent, but I managed to beat it after a difficult fight. Only when its body crashed to the ground did I realize just how powerful my opponent had been and how close I'd come to lying dead on the ground myself. Curiously, inside the frightener's body, I found an ornamental pin that was clearly emanating magic."
 "THOUGH THE FIGHT WAS NO WALK IN THE WOODS. THE FRIGHTENER'S LIMP CORPSE EVENTUALLY FELL AT THE WITCHER'S FEET. AS HIS/HER BREATHING SLOWED, THE WITCHER STARTED EXAMINING THE BODY."
 "HE/SHE KNEW FROM THORSTEIN'S POINTED GRUNTING BEHIND HIM/HER THAT HE/SHE COULD EXPECT A CONVERSATION WITH THE MERCHANT VERY SOON."
 "After examining the carcass, Thorstein enthusiastically voiced his approval of my work. He seemed to understand why I wasn't planning on informing Goronwy about the sorcerer."
 "Right after I left the mayor, I ran into a masked sorcerer dressed in the elven style. He was very interested in the pin I'd found inside the frightener's corpse."
 Refusing the offer
 "He wanted to buy it from me, but I refused, so he took it for himself after blinding me with a spell."
 Agreeing to the offer
 "He wanted to buy it from me, and I agreed, so he took it for himself and disappeared."
 "After all these twists and surprises, Thorstein and I went into the nearest inn with great pleasure. Chilled beer in hand, we celebrated a successfully-completed contract - and the future started to look somehow rosier. We decided to stay in Dol Tirthana just a little longer."
 "AFTER THE UNEXPECTED ENCOUNTER WITH THE SORCERER, IT WAS TIME FOR CELEBRATION. THE WITCHER, SMILING CROOKEDLY, LISTENED TO THE COLORFULLY EMBELLISHED ANECDOTES AS TOLD BY A WILDLY GESTICULATING THORSTEIN."
 "THE NIGHT WAS YOUNG, THE BEER WAS COLD, AND A POUCH FULL OF GOLD WAS SITTING HEAVY ON HIS/HER BELT. HE/SHE FELT NO PRESSING NEED TO LEAVE DOL TIRTHANA. WHAT IF THEY STAYED HERE A WHILE LONGER?"

</doc>
<doc id="120011" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120011" title="Vanja">
Vanja

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Vanja&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Vanja was a Skelliger shieldmaiden from Hindarsfjall and the mother of Erland, one of the first Witchers. She sold a young Erland to the sorcerer Alzur.

</doc>
<doc id="120012" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120012" title="Lothar (blacksmith)">
Lothar (blacksmith)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Lothar (blacksmith)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Lothar was a human blacksmith who lived with his family in Dol Tirthana.
He can sharpen the witcher's sword, which gives it a damage booster. He spawns in many predefined locations, so it is easy to find him on the way while travelling.
 "Lothar watched his daughter as she tore into a duck leg. It wasn't often they could afford such delicacies. The tender meat juices and fat were running down her chin. The blacksmith searched for signs of something more than the simple enjoyment of food. Signs of a greater hunger. Odilia seemed to sense her father's eyes on her and lifted her own. A wide grin brightened her face. The corners of Lothar's mouth lifted slightly, but the smile didn't reach his eyes."
Appearance and personality.
Lothar had pale skin and dark hair, with a beard and braided moustache. He was usually seen wearing his blacksmith's apron.
Lothar cared deeply for his family and was concered about his daughter's future, as his journal suggested. He was quite friendly to the witcher and adverse to violence if possible.

</doc>
<doc id="120014" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120014" title="Leshen Hound">
Leshen Hound

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Leshen Hound&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Leshen Hound is a relict class monster featured in "". Judging from its name, it's supposed to be a companion of the leshen.
The Leshen Hound is a dog-like creature, which body is made out of twisted branches. Its head is a dog's skull, making it resemble the leshen. The monster uses the same animations and attack techniques as the barghest in the . It jumps and bites the opponent. Defeating it can pose a bit of a challenge, since it is a rare, mid level monster. It is found in green areas and appears more often during rain.

</doc>
<doc id="120018" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120018" title="Headless Nobleman">
Headless Nobleman

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Headless Nobleman&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
The Headless Nobleman is a specter class monster featured in "". He wears a Redanian nobleman's robe and uses a saber to attack. He can also inflict damage by throwing his own head.
 "Tis always better to lose one's head than one's honor"

</doc>
<doc id="120020" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120020" title="Calidus">
Calidus

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Calidus&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Calidus is a specter class monster featured in "". It resembles a spectral knight, burning with eternal fire. It attacks with a sword.
Dark knight.
Another variant of the monster is the Dark Knight. It is similar in appearance, but insted of being clad in flames, it is covered in dark smoke. The Dark Knight is slightly weaker, being a common monster, while Calidus is a rare one.

</doc>
<doc id="120024" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120024" title="Patch 4.01 (The Witcher 3)">
Patch 4.01 (The Witcher 3)

◄ Previous | Next ►
Patch 4.01 for "" was released for PC, PlayStation and Xbox on February 2, 2023 to improve stability and performance on next-gen consoles and PC.
"Patch 4.01 for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is being rolled out on PC, PlayStation and Xbox. It improves the overall stability and performance of the game on next-gen consoles and PC, and brings various fixes to all platforms."
Changes.
PC-SPECIFIC 
CONSOLE-SPECIFIC
QUESTS &amp; GAMEPLAY - Available on all platforms
LOCALIZATION - Available on all platforms
Please note: these are only the most notable changes. The patch contains other minor fixes that didn't make it into this list.

</doc>
<doc id="120028" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120028" title="Rarasha">
Rarasha

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Rarasha&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Rarasha is a draconid class common monster featured in "".
Rarasha resembles a hybrid between a basilisk and a forktail, with a brown-gray coat. It attacks by biting and breathing fire at the opponent.
 "In 976, a certain armorer discovered that rarasha feathers burn only in fires hot enough to melt steel."

</doc>
<doc id="120038" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120038" title="The Witcher Monster Slayer character">
The Witcher Monster Slayer character

"" was the first game in the series that allowed creating a playable character. The player could customize their name and appearance. Additonally, in version 1.1, it was possible to direct development of the skill tree.
At the beginning of the game, the player had to create a playable character. One could choose between female and male body types and 4 ethnicities. These features were included in presets. In-depth customization, like changing hair and eye color, hair style or body shape, was not possible. However, the player could later change armor and weapon that the character used, which were displayed on the character menu screen. Avatars on the friends list included only default preset heads.
The player could name their character by typing the name themselves or by picking one from a set of predefined names. After the playable character had been created, it was impossible to edit them in any way.

</doc>
<doc id="120057" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120057" title="Thorstein's shop">
Thorstein's shop

Thorstein's shop in "" gave the player the ability to purchase items or exchange real life money for in-game currencies.
Interface.
At the very top there was a window in which Thorstein appeared, sharing various remarks or weather information with the player. Below the window, several store sections followed.
Game economy before update 1.2.
There was only 1 currency - gold coins (), which were earned my completing quests, leveling up or slaying monsters. They were used to purchase anything in the game, with swords and armor being the most expensive. The most expensive item to purchase were A'Báeth and Kaer Morhen Armor for 12 000, while the cheapest were weak modifier potions like Thunderbolt for 30.
Aside from earning coins, they could be simply bought in the store for money. Real world currency was also used to purchase item packs. The most expensive item for purchase with money was a chest of 70 000 for $99,99, while the cheapest was a stack of 200 for $0,99.
Gold couldn't be transferred between players or directly exchanged for XP.
Game economy after update 1.2.
After the update a premium currency was added - crystals (), which could be earned by slaying rare or legendary monsters and leveling up. Most items in the store were set to be bought for crystals, making gold losing its significance almost entirely. The only items available with gold were selected weak modifiers like some potions, 2 scrolls and some ingredients. Swords and armor could still be purchased with gold, but their availability was greatly reduced.
Aside from earning crystals, they could be simply bought in the store for money. The most expensive item for purchase with money became a chest with 4000 for $99,9, while the cheapest was a set of 60 for $1,59. Gold coins couldn't be purchased with money anymore, but crystals could be exchanged for gold.
Stock.
Before update 1.2, all items available for purchase were displayed in the shop page, along with gold for money exchange at the very end. Seasonal packs and bundles would be displayed at the top and would change along with a certain event or season coming to an end.
After update 1.2, only selected items were shown in the shop page. The modifier section would restock after a set amount of hours passed, while the equipment section would take up to a week to reset and display different items. At the very bottom there was a currency exchange section with crystals for gold and money for crystals. It was not possible to exchange gold for crystals or money for gold.
List of available items:

</doc>
<doc id="120062" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120062" title="Bjorn Stormursson">
Bjorn Stormursson

 &lt;ns&gt;0&lt;/ns&gt;
 &lt;revision&gt;
 &lt;parentid&gt;603783&lt;/parentid&gt;
 &lt;timestamp&gt;2023-12-05T05:50:26Z&lt;/timestamp&gt;
 &lt;contributor&gt;
 &lt;username&gt;Witcher Bot&lt;/username&gt;
 &lt;/contributor&gt;
 &lt;minor/&gt;
 &lt;comment&gt;/* top */clean up&lt;/comment&gt;
 &lt;origin&gt;603795&lt;/origin&gt;
 &lt;model&gt;wikitext&lt;/model&gt;
 &lt;format&gt;text/x-wiki&lt;/format&gt;
Bjorn Stormursson was the leader of a group of Skelligan pirates, with him and his crew having set out on an endless voyage presumably in search of something, though what is never specified.
Bjorn also seemingly promised his daughter, Gudrun Bjornsdottir, to the gods of Skellige for their favor in battle, though Gudrun refused to be bound by vows she did not make, instead opting to become a pirate captain herself.

</doc>
<doc id="120077" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120077" title="Patch 4.02 (The Witcher 3)">
Patch 4.02 (The Witcher 3)

◄ Previous | Next ►
Patch 4.02 for "" was released for PC, PlayStation and Xbox on March 13, 2023 to improve stability and performance.
"Patch 4.02 for The Witcher: Wild Hunt is being rolled out and will soon be available on PC, PlayStation and Xbox! Among various fixes, it also improves the overall stability and performance of the game.Below you can find a list of the most notable changes to come in this update."
Changes.
LOCALIZATION - Available on all platforms.
Please note: these are only the most notable changes. The patch contains other minor fixes that didn't make it onto this list.

</doc>
<doc id="120078" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120078" title="Temerian officer's journal">
Temerian officer's journal

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Temerian officer's journal&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;24 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;lw_temerian_soldiers_journal&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Temerian officer's journal is a cut content quest item in "", still present in the game files, but only obtainable through console commands.
It is related to the treasure hunt quest Temerian Valuables, and it seems logical that it should've been found along with the Temerian lily key at the hidden treasure marker west of the White Orchard Mill, or close to it. However, in the game files it is defined inside a different loot container, which can't be found during gameplay.
Interestingly, when added via console commands, the journal is automatically marked as already read - possibly as a dirty fix to have a location for the next objective where Geralt has to look after obtaining the key, which isn't coupled with other clues.
"The 15th day of Yule"
"It's confirmed - we will be escorting a portion of the royal treasures. Quite a large portion, in fact. Orders from the very top, they say... On the one hand it's an honor, on the other... it's frightening."
"The 17th day of Yule"
"Everything's ready. Tylar, head of special forces, has prepared the travel documents and other required papers. Let's hope that's enough. Tomorrow they'll hand it over and we're off."
"The 20th day of Yule"
"Everything went well - at first. But after two days we spotted them - Black Ones, hot on our trail." 
"We had to hide the treasure. We stopped one night by the old mill, and at dawn everyone but me and Yorga went east. The Nilfs bought it - they followed the others, and we were able to bury the treasure undisturbed." 
"Let's hope it stays there until the end of the war - or at least until the Nilfs stop hounding our patrol."

</doc>
<doc id="120079" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120079" title="Fisherman's notes">
Fisherman's notes

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Fisherman's notes&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;24 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;lw_sb13_note&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Fisherman's notes is a quest item and book in "", which however only exists in the game files and cannot be obtained without the use of console commands or mods.
It is associated with the treasure hunt quest A Costly Mistake, and likely was intended to appear instead of the smuggler's notes at its start, but only if the nearby abandoned site has already been liberated from the pirates. Two different letters found at the hut there alternate based on the same event - pirate's version correlating to the smuggler's notes, and fisherman's version correlating to this one.
"Fish soup for breakfast. Salted herring for dinner. Sprats and onions for supper. Day in, day out. For twenty years. I know other have got hunger to deal with, that it's a sin to complain... but what can I do? I'm sick to death of fish, had too damn much of pulling their bones out from between my teeth, of shitting out their scales."
"But instead of sitting and complaining about life, it's better to change it. And it so happened Sobemir saw a pirate ship sink to the bottom not far off the coast. We're both good swimmers, so if the sea stays calm, we'll dive down and see what sort of treasure lies in its hold. And then, I swear to Melitele - I'll never eat another fish as long as I live."

</doc>
<doc id="120080" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120080" title="The Witcher Monster Slayer bags">
The Witcher Monster Slayer bags

Bags in "" provide additional slots for inventory. They do not replace starting inventory but act as its expansion. The maximum inventory load is determined by the total capacity of bags, since each bag can be purchased only once. Starting inventory holds 200 slots, while its maximum capacity is capped at 1000 slots.

</doc>
<doc id="120081" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120081" title="The Witcher Monster Slayer crafting">
The Witcher Monster Slayer crafting

Crafting in "" required an alchemy station and appropriate ingredients obtained from monsters or bought at the store. To craft an item, one needed to gather ingredients specified in a recipe, and then wait a certain amount of time. Waiting time could be shortened by paying gold (v1.1) or crystals (v1.2). The crafting system differed with the game version.
Crafting in version 1.1.
The player was granted 1 crafting station, which had no usage limit. The game sometimes rewarded users with an additional "basic crafting station". However, it had a limited number of uses. When the limit was depleted, the station was removed from inventory. The store offered a variety of crafting stations, including seasonal ones. It was possible to craft potions, oils and bombs.
Crafting in version 1.2.
The use limit was replaced with the durability meter. Each fully functioning station equaled 100 points. When an item was crafted, a respective amount of points were substracted. When the meter dropped to 0, the player had an option to pay 200 to repair the basic station, or buy an additional station for 100. The game allowed a maximum of 6 stations in the crafting tab. The only station available for purchase was the basic one, as the others were removed from the store. In order to craft an item, in addition to gathered ingredients, the player had to buy an appropriate base - White Gull, bear fat or linen cloth. It was possible to craft potions, oils and baits. The ability to craft bombs had been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="120087" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120087" title="Boduen de Kurtene's journal">
Boduen de Kurtene's journal

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Boduen de Kurtene's journal&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Quest item&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Boduen de Kurtene's journal is a book in "" providing information about the liho's curse. It is given to the witcher by Bedwyr.
 "Nothing but my sense of responsibility toward the sciences forces me to expose my thoughts upon these pages, and terrible they are."
 "It follows me everywhere I go, that horrible apparition. At the market, in the inn, on the road - I hear whispers. The worst nightmares still seem better than reality, and I can no longer trust reality. I don't leave the house. I avoid all contact with people. No more research."
 "It's the amulet."
 "This damned amulet, given to me by that scoundrel with the intellect of a daft hen, is cursed. Come to think of it, he was acting peculiarly as he offered me this paltry payment for some research. I tried to throw the amulet away, to no avail. It instantly reappered in my hand."
 "I thought to ask my colleague Kol for help in finding answers. When I opened my mouth to mention the amulet or its curse, my tongue rolled, and my vocal cords seized up. I cannot speak of the curse. It is physically impossible."
 "The curse manifests as chronic exhaustion and weakness. I also experience powerful visual and auditory hallucinations. The latter are by far the most distracting. I've learned to ignore the former, especially since, like mirages, as soon as you near them, they usually disappear. It is the fatigue and the weakness that shall be the death of me unless I rid myself of this curse."
 "What disgusts me is the thought that I shall have to spring the amulet on some unfortunate individual, as my predecessor did to me. It is simply not right."
 "I've found a loophole."
 "I showed Kol this journal. Turns out the prohibition has no bearing on writing. Could it be that the curse predates literacy?"
 "Recently I've developed a terrible cough. Is this symptomatic of the curse?"
 "Six weeks of researching cursed objects together - shuffling papers, sifting through every major library in Novigrad - has led Kol and me to the following conclusions:"
 "- The curse's source is a monster of some type, likely a liho. Its defeat is of the utmost import. An ordinary person has no chance against such a creature, so, soon as I've learned all the details, I shall have to hire a witcher."
 "- In order to lure the monster from the object, the object must be subjected to heat as well as the smoke of burning leshen moss and cowbane."
 "- Discarding the amulet after defeating the liho will stop the curse's effects."
 "- Extremely important: under no circumstances is the amulet to be thrown away at the place where the monster was bested. This will allow the curse to return, though it will not happen right away. The shortest reasonably safe distance is about one thousand paces."
 "I am coughing blood. It is the consumption, also known as tuberculosis. I am uncertain if it is the curse's effect - it may just as simply be due to lack of sleep and weakened defenses. I am very weak. I am not fit enough to find a witcher before it is too late. An act of desperation led me to accept Kol's proposition. He'd agreed to continue my work, but giving him the amulet was as if I'd attempted to discard it: it promptly returned to my hand."
 "I must pass it on to an innocent person. May the gods protect him."
 "Final instructions:"
 "1. Pass the amulet on to an unsuspecting witcher."
 "2. Acquire leshen moss and cowbane."
 "3. Grind and mix the ingredients."
 "4. Light a fire."
 "5. Throw the amulet and the mixture of moss and bane into the fire.
 "6. Defeat the liho."
 "7. Discard the amulet, ideally at least one thousand paces from where the liho was defeated."

</doc>
<doc id="120088" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120088" title="Vesemir's notes">
Vesemir's notes

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Vesemir's notes&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Quest item&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Vesemir's notes appear as a book in "". They provide information about the white striga.
 "Species: striga"
 "Class: cursed"
 "Distinctive traits: albinism"
 "Curse's origin:"
 "Getting anything out of the father was like pulling teeth, but after several attempts, I managed to establish that as a young mercenary, he wasn't exactly choosy in the contracts he took, to put it mildly. One evening, he was celebrating a lucky pillaging with a few fellows. Pint followed pint, words were exchanged, and next thing you know - the inn's up in flames. Along with the barkeep and his daughter. The grief-crazed mother cursed his "happiness, hope, and future." For a few years, he thought nothing of it. But when he settled down, the curse awoke from its slumber. His wife died in childbirth, the baby girl soon after. And then she returned."
 "Striga's habits:"
 "Strigas are known for their nocturnal habits, along with intensified activity during the full moon. From the hermit's testimonial and my own observations, I have concluded that this specimen leaves her lair - a crypt in the old graveyard - at night every few days or weeks."
 "Sometimes she wanders far but usually sticks to her territory. So, if I wanted to try to break the curse, I'd need some strong bait. I noticed she is particularly drawn to vodniks, and since their blood is especially putrid, it will be strong enough to lure her out."
 "If I wanted to kill her, all I'd have to do is storm into her crypt when she's home."
 "Reug told me about a way to disenchant a striga, but I've never tested it. Hope it works."
 "Plan to break striga's curse:"
 "1. Track and kill a vodnik. Collect its blood."
 "2. After dusk, pour the blood onto the ground at a proper distance from the crypt - not too close, but not so far that she doesn't smell it. Seems like the new cemetery would be the perfect place."
 "3. The same night (ideally, right away), go into the striga's crypt, barricade the door, and start the incantation. Repeat the incantation in three sessions, each one taking ten minutes. Measure the time with a fluorescent hourglass or, in the worst case, three candles. The ritual must be completed before sunrise."
 "Incantation:"
 "By night on the prowl, by day in a dark lair. This shall be the norm until someone warms himself at your hearth, then you will take your true form."

</doc>
<doc id="120089" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120089" title="Lothar's notes">
Lothar's notes

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Lothar's notes&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Quest item&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Lothar's notes appear as a book in "". They provide information about Lothar's curse.
 "Lila convinced me to write everything down. She says that literacy breeds responsibility, that one must bear witness. That - although I hardly gained much myself - some other fellow may benefit from my testimony. So be it."
 "Firstly: I deserved that curse."
 "I had seen barely fifteen winters. Most of the day, I'd help Father at the smithy, and when I wasn't helping... well, I was roving the countryside with the boys, stirring up trouble. Nothing much. Swiped a few apples here. Shot the miller's dog with a slingshot there. We fought with sticks for life or death. Once, I even stole real swords from under Father's nose. He really tanned my hide for that..."
 "We were thick as thieves in those days. Everyone wanted to play with us - but we didn't let in just anyone. This one poor sod, Anso, followed us like a pup. Skinny as a fencepost and clumsy, too. Tripped standing still, that one. Ruined every game. Got himself caught by old Jon during an apple heist. We told him to leave us alone. We'd run away, hide when he walked by He certainly was resilient, though - I had to give him that. So we started sending him on outlandish errands. If he completed ten of them, we'd welcome him into the pack. And he kept on completing them."
 "He ran through the village, naked. Carried a stolen honeycomb from Miron's beehive, stung all over. Counted grains of sand. And more, until the time came for the tenth errand. Well, because we really didn't want him, I said, "Go to Big Grove and bring us a monster egg." Every idiot knows that no one just walks into Big Grove. Place is teeming with kikimores. I never thought for a moment that he'd actually go."
 ""Well, that's horseshit." It's what I told myself later. But the truth was that I thought it'd be quite the spectacle, Anso fleeing the kikimores. Shit himself in terror, he would. Hilarity would ensue. I suppose it crossed my mind that maybe they'd just kill him, but I didn't dwell on it for long."
 "His mother cursed me. I'd do the same in her shoes. Or something even worse."
 "I thank my lucky stars that I didn't kill anyone except animals those first few full moons. And soon, I met another werewolf who showed me how to brew an infusion of wolfsbane. From that day on, full moons were bearable. Under control."
 "Lila sent out bundles of letters. In every idle moment, she analyzed every response, though there were few. Finally, she received some vital information concerning witchers, who apparently not only slew monsters but also knew the secrets of curses. Ways to break them. I'll admit, I was uncertain, summoning someone who lived off of slaying beasts like me, but Lila... For her, anything. And for Odilia. And Baldo."
 "It didn't work. The witcher seemed sensible enough and tried his various methods. A shirt of fool's parsley, willow branch beatings, potions, rituals. In the end, he gave up. He assured Lila that sometimes, it is what it is. Universal methods don't always work, and finding a specific cure can be like searching for a needle in a haystack. Maybe he just couldn't find the cure - or maybe this is one curse that just can't be broken. He pulled me aside, and with a gloomy expression, he said that no curse could be lifted if the accursed couldn't forgive himself. That my attitude was only sealing the curse's hold on me. And, so be it."
 "He gave me the name of a village and an inn he patronized a few times a year in case something changed. But in his eyes, I saw the truth: he suspected he'd never see me again."

</doc>
<doc id="120090" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120090" title="Notebook">
Notebook

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Notebook&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Quest item&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Notebook is a quest item featured in "". It contains information about the nemeton.
 "A short letter was attached to the notes:"
 "Rodrick,"
 "As soon as you have the results of your experiments, bring them to me at the Traegan well around dusk. I will wait there every night for one more week. M."
 "Nemeton (pl. nemeta) - one of the elements that came to our world during the Conjunction of the Spheres."
 "Personal observations and ones based on other sources:"
 "- Though at first glance it resembles a - dead tree, upon closer examination, it is obvious that it belongs to no species known to us before the Conjunction."
 "- Nemeta appear to have the ability to attract creatures of similar types, somehow ensuring that normally aggressive and territorial monsters will not fight each other but coexist in the nemeton's environs; what attracts them and what the mechanism's purpose is remain unknown."
 "- The nemeton acts to monsters like a magnet; from current scientific knowledge, I am unable to determine if this is its main function or merely a side effect."
 "- I was unable to establish the source of the characteristic red light emitted by nemeta (though magic or bioluminescence are obvious first guesses); it suggests that the nemeton is alive, though, by any measure or standard known to us in this world, the nemeton looks dead."
 "- The witcher I hired to investigate this phenomenon thinks that monsters near nemeta aren't stronger than monsters in their natural habitats; their behavior in battle also doesn't differ from typical fights. All the same, the witcher demanded quite the sum for this assignment - I don't have the sum, but I am certain we will come to an agreement."

</doc>
<doc id="120091" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120091" title="Key to the halflings' secret passage">
Key to the halflings' secret passage

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Key to the halflings' secret passage&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q305_key_midgets_house&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Key to the halflings' secret passage is a and a quest item in "". During the main quest A Poet Under Pressure, after tracking Dandelion and the witch hunter to the Isolated Hut, Geralt will receive this key from a dwarf standing outside the hut with two halflings. It is used to unlock the trap door behind the hut.

</doc>
<doc id="120093" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120093" title="DLSS 3 PC Hotfix (The Witcher 3)">
DLSS 3 PC Hotfix (The Witcher 3)

◄ Previous | Next ►
DLSS 3 PC Hotfix for "" was released for PC on March 23, 2023 to improve stability.
"A hotfix for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is out on PC. It improves the stability of the game running on the GeForce RTX 40 Series Graphics Cards related to DLSS 3. The game version won't change."

</doc>
<doc id="120112" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120112" title="Nekker Bonecrusher">
Nekker Bonecrusher

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Nekker Bonecrusher&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Nekker Bonecrusher is a stronger nekker warrior variant featured in "".
Appearance.
Skin of the monster has a dark teal color with red undertones and its head is covered by a skull mask.
 "Sometimes specific names of monsters are completely detached from reality, based on ignorance or loose associations. This is not one of those cases."
 "- How to Avoid a Monstrous Death, Jan of Ehle"

</doc>
<doc id="120113" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120113" title="Swamp Nekker">
Swamp Nekker

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Swamp Nekker&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Swamp Nekker is a nekker variant featured in "".
The monster's skin is green and it ties its hair into a ponytail.
 "Swamp nekkers sometimes rub marsh marigolds into their paws, so the wounds dealt by their claws heal with greater difficulty."

</doc>
<doc id="120114" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120114" title="Nekker Shaman">
Nekker Shaman

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Nekker Shaman&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Nekker Shaman is a nekker warrior variant featured in "".
The monster's skin is dark violet and it wears an animal skull mask with ponytails.
 "Despite this name, there is no evidence nekkers can entertain such abstract concepts as religion or faith."

</doc>
<doc id="120115" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120115" title="Carnage Nekker">
Carnage Nekker

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Carnage Nekker&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Carnage Nekker is a stronger nekker warrior variant featured in "".
Skin of the monster has a green shade with vivid red undertones and black face paint.
 "Not without reason do they call this nekker "carnage" - its fighting style is marked by extreme aggression and cruelty atypical for its kind."

</doc>
<doc id="120116" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120116" title="Royal Nekker">
Royal Nekker

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Royal Nekker&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Nekker Bonecrusher is a nekker variant featured in "".
Appearance.
The monster's skin is purple and it wears an animal skull mask.
 "Royal nekkers owe their name to the color of their skin, which is reminiscent of royal purple".

</doc>
<doc id="120123" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120123" title="Patch 4.03 (The Witcher 3)">
Patch 4.03 (The Witcher 3)

 &lt;ns&gt;0&lt;/ns&gt;
 &lt;revision&gt;
 &lt;parentid&gt;580712&lt;/parentid&gt;
 &lt;timestamp&gt;2023-07-23T17:16:57Z&lt;/timestamp&gt;
 &lt;contributor&gt;
 &lt;username&gt;Witcher Bot&lt;/username&gt;
 &lt;/contributor&gt;
 &lt;minor/&gt;
 &lt;comment&gt;clean up&lt;/comment&gt;
 &lt;origin&gt;580884&lt;/origin&gt;
 &lt;model&gt;wikitext&lt;/model&gt;
 &lt;format&gt;text/x-wiki&lt;/format&gt;
◄ Previous | Next ►
Patch 4.03 for "" was released for PC, PlayStation and Xbox on May 11, 2023 to improve stability, performance, and gameplay.
"Patch 4.03 for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is being rolled out and will soon be available on PC, PlayStation and Xbox! This update contains various gameplay and quest fixes.
"We're hard at work to bring the patch to Nintendo Switch players as soon as possible and we're hoping to have it out in the following months. Thank you for your patience!
"Speaking of Switcher, here's a heads-up for Nintendo Switch players: the previous save file integration with Steam and GOG clouds, introduced in patch 3.6, will be replaced and upgraded in the upcoming patch with the new Cross Progression system that has been introduced on other platforms with patch 4.00. This is to align with our other games and to bring you a unified experience across all platforms. The new system is going to require a GOG account regardless of your PC platform.
"Below, you'll find a list of the most notable changes for update 4.03."
Changes.
QUESTS &amp; GAMEPLAY - Available on all platforms.
Please note: these are only the most notable changes. The patch contains other minor fixes that didn't make it onto this list.

</doc>
<doc id="120136" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120136" title="Mikael Dullord">
Mikael Dullord



</doc>
<doc id="120141" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120141" title="Onager">
Onager



</doc>
<doc id="120142" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120142" title="Eagle Eye">
Eagle Eye



</doc>
<doc id="120143" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120143" title="Mayhen">
Mayhen



</doc>
<doc id="120168" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120168" title="Gallatin">
Gallatin

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Gallatin&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Gallatin was a Scoia'tael fighter and leader, helping to lead the group to fight on behalf of Nilfgaard. Without fear of speaking his truth, Gallatin's loyalty to his people ultimately leads him to question Francesca over her ability in leadership.
Biography.
Gallatin is seen returning to the campsite with his men after raiding a human supply caravan. The Campsite which is under the authority of Francesca and Filavandrel.
Later, Gallatin is seen at the battle of Shaerrawedd. After suffering a near defeat. Gallatin is ordered to stay down. Gallatin departs from the battlefield to find his friend Cahir.

</doc>
<doc id="120176" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120176" title="Shaerrawedd (Netflix episode)">
Shaerrawedd (Netflix episode)

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
"Shaerrawedd" is the first episode of season 3 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"Geralt, Yennefer and Ciri journey to the far reaches of the Continent in search of a safe haven. King Vizimir puts his charming younger brother to use."
Summary.
The episode begins with Geralt, Yennefer, and Ciri continuing their journey across the Continent in search of safety. They are being pursued by Rience, a fire-wielding mage, and his henchmen, who seek to capture Ciri. The trio finds temporary shelter with Yarpen Zigrin, who offers them a brief respite from the dangers that lurk outside.
Throughout their travels, Yennefer continues to train Ciri in magic, though Ciri struggles with the discipline required. Yennefer reflects on her past mistakes, particularly how she once betrayed Geralt and Ciri, and vows to do better by them. She hopes to earn back Geralt's trust through her dedication to protecting and teaching Ciri.
Despite their efforts to remain hidden, the trio is ambushed by a creature known as a Jackapace, a feral armadillo-like beast trained by Rience using a potion containing Ciri’s blood. The Jackapace tracks them by scent, leading to a fierce battle. Geralt manages to kill the creature, but the encounter makes it clear that Rience will continue to hunt them as long as he has access to Ciri's blood.
Realizing they need to stop running, Geralt devises a plan to confront Rience directly. They decide to set a trap, with Ciri as the bait, in hopes of drawing Rience out and ending the pursuit once and for all. To do this, they enlist Yarpen’s help in spreading false information about Ciri’s whereabouts, hoping to lure Rience into their ambush.
As they prepare for the confrontation, the trio sneaks into the ruins of Shaerrawedd, an ancient and sacred elven site. The ruins are overgrown with wild roses, which Yennefer explains are linked to a tragic story of an elven warrior named Aelirenn, who led a doomed rebellion against the humans. The visit to Shaerrawedd is both a somber reminder of the cycle of violence on the Continent and a foreshadowing of the battles yet to come.
In parallel, political intrigue unfolds in Redania, where King Vizimir becomes increasingly frustrated with his spies, particularly Sigismund Dijkstra, for failing to locate Ciri. Vizimir decides to involve his younger brother, Prince Radovid, in the search, setting the stage for further manipulation and betrayal within the court.
The episode ends on a tense note, with Geralt, Yennefer, and Ciri preparing to face Rience, uncertain of what the future holds but determined to stop running and take control of their destiny.

</doc>
<doc id="120177" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120177" title="Ralf Blunden/Netflix series">
Ralf Blunden/Netflix series

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Ralf Blunden/Netflix series&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
The Professor was a thug who, like several others, wished to fulfill Rience's contract in trying to get to Ciri and Geralt. The Professor and his men were able to track them down to one shop, but were quickly killed off by a waiting Geralt.

</doc>
<doc id="120183" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120183" title="Unbound">
Unbound

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
"Unbound" is the second episode of season 3 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"A shocking discovery awaits Geralt after he obtains information on Rience. Ciri's sense of justice causes problems. Jaskier performs for a royal fan."
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="120184" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120184" title="Reunion">
Reunion

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
"Reunion" is the third episode of season 3 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"Geralt seeks magical help from a family friend as Ciri and Yennefer clash over plans for the future. Philippa and Dijkstra scheme to get Vizimir in line."
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="120185" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120185" title="The Invitation">
The Invitation

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
"The Invitation" is the fourth episode of season 3 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"Yennefer pitches a bold idea to the Brotherhood, Geralt strikes a dangerous deal with a ferryman, and Triss digs into the mystery of the missing novices."
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="120186" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120186" title="The Art of the Illusion">
The Art of the Illusion

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
"The Art of the Illusion" is the fifth episode of season 3 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
"Yennefer and Geralt step out arm in arm and dressed to kill at a lavish ball, but all is not as it seems during a night of revelry and revelations."
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="120187" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120187" title="Hedwig of Malleore/Netflix series">
Hedwig of Malleore/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Hedwig was the queen of Redania and the wife of Vizimir II.
Biography.
At some prior point, Hedwig and Vizimir II married, making Hedwig queen of Redania. Hedwig turned out to be barren and thus couldn't produce an heir, but this didn't appear to affect Vizimir's feelings for her, as he often spoke fondly of Hedwig as being "strong and opinionated." However, Hedwig tried to take a more assertive approach in the secret meetings she and her husband had been having with Nilfgaard and set out for one by herself, not realizing an assassin sent by Sigismund Dijkstra and Philippa Eilhart was following her. At the meeting, she communicated with a sorceress acting as Nilfgaard's emissary, but only through telepathy. When the meeting finished, the queen headed off by herself and the assassin struck, decapitating her. Hedwig's head and crown were then put in a box that was mysteriously delivered so it made its way to her husband under the guise that Nilfgaard had killed Hedwig.

</doc>
<doc id="120188" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120188" title="1.2.0 update (The Witcher Monster Slayer)">
1.2.0 update (The Witcher Monster Slayer)

◄ Previous | Next ►
1.2.0 update is an update for "" released on May 26, 2022. It introduced major changes to the game by revamping most of its aspects, such as crafting, leveling, combat and currency systems.
"Time for another dose of challenges! Monster Slayer has just been updated to 1.2.0. This update brings a lot of improvements that make the game even better!"
Changes.
This update also fixes a lot of knows problems and introduces other improvements meant to make gameplay even better:
Reception.
The update caused controversy among players, leading the developers to issue a separate statement regarding recent changes and a FAQ post.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="120190" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120190" title="1.1.3 update (The Witcher Monster Slayer)">
1.1.3 update (The Witcher Monster Slayer)

◄ Previous | Next ►
1.1.3 update is an update for "" released on December 18, 2021. It provided various bug fixes and minor tweaks to the game.

</doc>
<doc id="120191" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120191" title="1.1.0 update (The Witcher Monster Slayer)">
1.1.0 update (The Witcher Monster Slayer)

 | Next ►
1.1.0 update is an update for "" released on November 24, 2021. It introduced new gameplay features and minor bug fixes.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="120192" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120192" title="1.3.1 hotfix (The Witcher Monster Slayer)">
1.3.1 hotfix (The Witcher Monster Slayer)

◄ Previous | Next ►
1.3.1 hotfix for "" was released on July 27, 2022. It includes bug fixes, improves the overall stability of the game, and changes the flow of the tutorial.

</doc>
<doc id="120193" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120193" title="1.3.3 update (The Witcher Monster Slayer)">
1.3.3 update (The Witcher Monster Slayer)

◄ Previous | 
1.3.3 update for "" was released after a prolonged maintenance on October 4, 2022. The new patch brings minor bug fixes and game improvements. It was the last released update before the game was shut down on June 30, 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="120212" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120212" title="Grub">
Grub

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Grub&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Grub is a talking rock troll appearing in "". He commissiones the witcher to find out who killed his cousins.
 "At the foot of some towering mountains, a cheerful stream wound its way through a lush valley, carrying a torrent of icy spring water. A bridge rose proudly above the brook, and under the bridge, waist-deep in the current, stood a troll. Neither short nor tall, neither very smart nor... Well, he wasn't very smart. But he did possess the courage of a lion, the strength of ten warriors, and love in his heart. A love of rocks. "
Character.
He seems to be rather intelligent for his species - he can have a coherent converation with the witcher and is not easily fooled if lied to. Depending on choices made during the Monser Slayer quest, Grub can either die or live and reward the witcher. He seems to have a peculiar affinity towards stones.

</doc>
<doc id="120225" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120225" title="Yustianna an Craite">
Yustianna an Craite

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Yustianna an Craite&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Basic Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="aka"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alias(es)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="born"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Born&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="status"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Status&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="nationality"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Nationality&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source ="culture"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Culture&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="coa"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Coat of arms&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="badge"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Badge&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Physical Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="hair_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Hair color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="fur_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Fur color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="eye_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Eye color&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="skin_color"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Skin&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="height"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Height&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="species"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Species&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="race"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Race&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="gender"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Gender&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Personal Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="titles"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Title(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="profession"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Profession&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="ranks"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Rank(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="affiliations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Affiliation(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="abilities"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Abilities&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Family&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="family"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Family&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="parents"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Parent(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="partner"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Partner(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="children"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Child(ren)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="relative"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Relative(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt; 
 &lt;header&gt;Cult&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="worshiped"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Worshiped by&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="symbol"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Symbol&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="among"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Popular among&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="center"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Cult center&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group collapse="closed"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Appearance(s)&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="voice"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Voice actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="lookalike"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Actor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_books"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Books&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_games"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Games&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_tv"&gt;&lt;label&gt;TV/Film&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_comics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Comics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="appears_other"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Other&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Yustianna an Craite was a pirate born of a Skelliger from Clan an Craite and a captive woman taken during a raid. In her time she was feared on the Continent from Ofir to Zangvebar. Known for her skill as a navigator and unmatched master of various weapons, she quickly became the terror of the Great Sea, and when she returned to Ard Skellig, she hid her loot in Yustianna's Grotto.

</doc>
<doc id="120227" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120227" title="Acherontia">
Acherontia

Acherontia is a pirate frigate infamous for causing bad things to happen wherever it appeared. Using money granted to him by the Chapter, Viraxas hired Acherontia to assist him in returning to Kerack and confronting his father, Belohun.
Ildiko Breckl also convinced Belohun to "hire" the frigate in order to help him deal with his other two traitorous sons, Egmund and Xander.

</doc>
<doc id="120237" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120237" title="White Striga">
White Striga

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;White Striga&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
A white striga is a stronger variant of the striga featured in "". It is said to be the effect of a rare mutation. Taking care of a white striga is the objective of "Sins of our Fathers" quest.
The white striga appearing in the game is in fact a human girl, cursed by a victim of her father's wrongdoings. The witcher can choose to try to disanchant her by performing a ritual or kill her. After disenchantment her father promises to look after her and gifts the witcher his armor.
 "During the transformation into a striga, a mutation sometimes prevents the synthesis of tyrosinase, an enzyme that promotes tyrosine conversion into melanin. This results in white strigas."

</doc>
<doc id="120238" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120238" title="Spriggan Hound">
Spriggan Hound

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Spriggan Hound&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image" /&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="class"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Class&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="variations"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Variations&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="occurrence"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Occurrence&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="immunity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Immunity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="susceptibility"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Susceptibility&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="tactics"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tactics&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="loot"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Loot&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="alchemy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Alchemy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="additional"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional drops&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="info"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Additional Info&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Spriggan Hound is a relict class monster featured in "". It is a variation of the Leshen Hound. It differs slightly in appearance, having less leaves on its body. It is also slightly weaker, being an easy difficulty monster.
According to the poem in the bestiary, these monsters are created when a wolf eats a spriggan acorn. The wolf dies 2 days later and rises up in 3 weeks as a spriggan hound.

</doc>
<doc id="120240" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120240" title="Last letter from Robert">
Last letter from Robert

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Last letter from Robert&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_letter_from_bob&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Last letter from Robert is a document in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It only appears if the Devil's Pit becomes a refugee camp/hospital, after completion of In the Eternal Fire's Shadow (i.e. if the Eternal Fire deacon isn't killed by Reinald). It can then be found in the first wall-side tent immediately to the right after entering the gates.
"Son,"
"I hope you're well and this letter finds you. Please make sure your sister and her little sprouts know that I'm all right. The Black Ones' attack didn't prove as fierce as it must have appeared to you from the outside looking in, though that's not to say they were altogether gentle. I was fortunate to flee a fortnight after Belleteyn. Still, before escape seemed possible, for the first time in my life, I sat haunted by the thought I may never see any of you again."
"You know your old man is as tough and stubborn as they come, and I'm sure I'll manage from here on just fine. But you and your sister are grown now - you know life can, and often will, turns us from the paths we set for ourselves."
"I had hoped to reunite with you in Redania, but chances of that grow slimmer every day. These damned Nilfgaardian bureaucrats refuse to let anyone cross the border. I've already arranged to set out tomorrow for Aedirn with a band of dwarves. They claim to know another route, safe and swift. Gods willing, perhaps I'll even arrive first and welcome you myself. Yet, if fate does decide to lead me elsewhere, at least I shall have good company and a new adventure ahead of me. One unlike any other before."
"I intended to keep this letter brief, so I shall end it here with only one request - should anything happen to me, do not let the world change you. Stay true to yourselves as the good folk you are and always take care of each other."
"Until we meet in Rivia."
"Your father, Robert S."

</doc>
<doc id="120246" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120246" title="Key to a travel chest">
Key to a travel chest

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Key to a travel chest&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;poi_vin_b_05_key&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Key to a travel chest is a quest item and key in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
It is found in a chest at the hidden treasure marker northeast of Coronata Vineyard, together with an unfinished report, starting the treasure hunt quest Around the World in... Eight Days.

</doc>
<doc id="120247" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120247" title="Patch 4.04 (The Witcher 3)">
Patch 4.04 (The Witcher 3)

◄ Previous | 
Patch 4.04 for "" was released for PC, PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch on July 19, 2023 to improve stability, performance, and gameplay.
"Patch 4.04 for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is now available on all platforms, including Xbox, PlayStation, PC and the long-awaited Nintendo Switch! It brings to the Nintendo Switch version of the game some of the content updates from patch 4.0 and fixes from following patches that were available on other platforms. These include bug fixes, gameplay adjustments and quality-of-life changes, as well as additional content inspired by Netflix's The Witcher series, among other things. This update also contains fixes for all platforms."
"Check out what's new in the list below."
Changes.
ONLINE FEATURES — NINTENDO SWITCH.
Added a cross-progression feature between platforms which replaces the previous save file integration introduced in patch 3.6 for the Nintendo Switch. Your latest saves will be automatically uploaded to the cloud so you can easily pick up where you left off on other platforms. Cross-progression provides the latest save for every save type. This feature becomes available after you log into your account. Please note that it requires a GOG account regardless of your platform.
By signing up to MY REWARDS in The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, players can receive:
• Swords of the Nine-Tailed Vixen
• White Tiger of the West Armor
• Dol Blathanna Armor Set
• Roach Card
Detailed information on how to redeem the rewards is available at thewitcher.com/my-rewards
GAMEPLAY — NINTENDO SWITCH.
Please note: these are only the most notable changes and additions to the game. The patch contains other fixes that didn't make it into this list.

</doc>
<doc id="120249" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120249" title="The Witcher Monster Slayer timed tasks">
The Witcher Monster Slayer timed tasks

A timed task in "" is a set of contracts, which the player must complete within a week in order to obtain the main prize. An inventory of timed tasks is listed below.
Wild wererat.
Main reward: Bait (5), crafting station, 500
Ogroids.
Main reward: Bait (5), crafting station, 500
Stinger.
Main reward: Bait (5), crafting station, 500
Leshen.
Main reward: Bait (5), crafting station, 500
Midinváerne event.
Main reward: Incandescent Heart, festive crafting station, 300
Ice ogroids.
Main reward: Bait (2), festive crafting station (3), 500
Wererat warrior.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 300
Kikimore warrior.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 300
Vizimian archespore.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 300
Arachase.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 300
Calidus.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 500
Season of love - Succubi.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 500
D'ao.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 500
Wyvern.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 500
Wererat gatherer.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 500
Relicts.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 300
Dark knight.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 500
D'jinn.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 500
Headless Nobleman.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 500
Hags.
Main reward: Bait (3), crafting station, 300
Ekhidna.
Main reward: Moon Dust (6), Experience scroll (2), 85
Fungoids.
Main reward: Moon Dust (6), Experience scroll (2), 85
Chorts.
Main reward: Dancing Star (6), Experience scroll (2), 85
Runic gargoyle.
Main reward: Moon Dust (6), Experience scroll (2), 85
Cursed legendaries.
Main reward: Dancing Star (6), Experience scroll (2), 85
Brukolak.
Main reward: Dancing Star (6), Experience scroll (2), 85
Weremole.
Main reward: Moon Dust (6), Experience scroll (2), 85
Nekker Bonecrusher.
Main reward: Moon Dust (6), Experience scroll (2), 85
Harpies.
Main reward: Grapeshot (6), Experience scroll (1), 85
1st Anniversary event.
Main reward: Experience scroll (1), "Armor of the Nameless", 85
Fungoids.
Main reward: Dancing Star (8), Experience scroll, 110
Liliaceous Archespore.
Main reward: Grapeshot (8), Range scroll, 50
First Lammas Task - Bloody Fields.
Main reward: Moon Dust (6), Experience scroll, 85
Second Lammas Task - Sylvans.
Main reward: Dancing Star (8), Range scroll (1), 110
Third Lammas Task - Scareman.
Main reward: Experience scroll, "Khopesh", 85
Forth Lammas Task - Swarm Mother.
Main reward: Dancing Star (6), Experience scroll, 85
Forktails.
Main reward: Dancing Star (8), Range scroll, 110 crystal
Greater Gernichora.
Main reward: Moondust (8), Range scroll, 110
Specters.
Main reward: Grapeshot (8), Range scroll, 110
Hiver.
Main reward: Dancing Star (8), Range scroll, 110
Liho.
Main reward: Moon Dust (8), Range scroll, 110
Echinops.
Main reward: Grapeshot (8), Range scroll, 110
Endregas.
Main reward: Moon Dust (8), Range scroll, 110

</doc>
<doc id="120250" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120250" title="Letter to a father">
Letter to a father

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Letter to a father&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;poi_san_b_05_note&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Letter to a father is a document in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
It is found on a knight's corpse next to the archespore monster nest east of Corvo Bianco, along with blue armor dye and some florens.
 "Dearest Father,"
 "It's done. I've been knighted. Your efforts have not gone in vain. I've fulfilled our shared dream. Can you believe it? Your only son, a knight! Thank you for all those years of hard work and sacrifice. I know you refused yourself much to be able to afford to buy me a horse and armor. I know you worked very hard to allow me to live in Beauclair. That is why I dedicate my first quest to you, father. I shall exterminate some parasites prowling our main roads. Slaying a dragon it is not, but I am excited all the same."
 "Your Loving Son,"
 "Michaël Subercaseaux"

</doc>
<doc id="120256" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120256" title="Item effect">
Item effect

Equipable items in ' have varying effects (aside from damage and armor) depending on their type and tier.
Witcher gear has all effects preset and static, with no change in values. Relic items also have entirely preset effects, but their corresponding values (such as % chance or resistance) may vary. However, item effects on the other three tiers - common, master and magic items - work within a slightly more elaborate scheme:
A common item may or may not have preset effects, but when it does they are both entirely static and more importantly inherited by master and magic items, which get random effects on top of that.
There are only two exceptions to this rule:
For the possible random effects, refer to the following lists depending on item type:
Swords.
Master effects:
Magic effects:
Expansion items only:
Chest armor.
Master effects:
Magic effects:
Gauntlets.
Master effects:
Magic effects:
Expansion items only:
Trousers.
Master effects:
Magic effects:
Expansion items only:
Boots.
Master effects:
Magic effects:
Expansion items only:

</doc>
<doc id="120260" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120260" title="Kaedweni cuirass">
Kaedweni cuirass

Kaedweni cuirass is a medium armor in "" that comes in two forms:
Kaedweni cuirass (relic).
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Kaedweni cuirass&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;8.64 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Medium armor 07r&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Can only be found as random loot.
Kaedweni cuirass (basic).
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Kaedweni cuirass&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Medium armor&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;6.99 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Medium armor 07&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Can be found as random loot or purchased from the following merchants:

</doc>
<doc id="120261" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120261" title="Simple cage key">
Simple cage key

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Simple cage key&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;lw_hs2_cage_key&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Simple cage key is a key and a quest item in "".
It is dropped by the Deserter leader at the Person(s) in distress marker in the Oxenfurt forest, east of the Crossroads signpost, and releases the Scoia'tael merchant who goes south from there.

</doc>
<doc id="120263" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120263" title="Highwayman's letter">
Highwayman's letter

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Highwayman's letter&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Book&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;lw_sk25_bandits_note&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Highwayman's letter is a cut content book in "", still present in the game files, but only obtainable through console commands.
It was supposed to be found at Kaer Gelen, and along with Fridebjorg the Bloody is linked to an encounter with a "Blood Countess" that is likely the katakan at the top level there.
 "Gunnar,"
 "You don't go climbing to the top of that tower, you hear? Don't try to be a hero, no one's gonna sing about a bunch of bandits anyhow."
 "I hear there's a witcher snooping around the isles. I'll try to get him to take care of it. We'll figure out how to settle his bill once he's done. A dagger between the ribs, that sounds like fair pay. Till then - sit on your arse and wait. And if the howling gets to you at night - stick something in your ears."
 "--Kvegg."

</doc>
<doc id="120264" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120264" title="Fridebjorg the Bloody">
Fridebjorg the Bloody

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Fridebjorg the Bloody&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Book&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;lw_sk25_blood_countess_note&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Fridebjorg the Bloody is a cut content book in "", still present in the game files, but only obtainable through console commands.
It was supposed to be found at Kaer Gelen, and along with a highwayman's letter is linked to an encounter with a "Blood Countess" (Fridebjorg herself) that is likely the katakan at the top level there.
 "Jarl Bodvar took the lovely Fridebjorg for his wife. They lived many long years together - but when Bodvar's hair turned grey and his skin became covered with wrinkles, Fridebjorg still looked the same she did the day they got married. Only her eyes, which were black as coal, revealed her true age."
 "At first everyone took Fridebjorg's ageless beauty to be a sign of the goddess Freya's favor. Yet nothing could be further from the truth. One day Jarl Bodvar returned early from a raid and discovered his wife had been kidnapping and murdering young girls, then bathing in their blood. The blood of the innocent maids washed away all signs of aging, changing when it touched her body into a thick, black fluid that smelled like rotting innards. When the jarl saw all those girls hanging from their legs, their throats slit, he flew into a rage and set fire to the castle. He stayed inside as he was burned alive - along with his cruel wife, all his retinue and his servants. But to this day you can still hear cries coming from the castle's ruins - as if Fridebjorg had never stopped her murders..."

</doc>
<doc id="120266" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120266" title="Masterly ornamented key">
Masterly ornamented key

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Masterly ornamented key&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0.01 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;poi_san_a_01_key&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Masterly ornamented key is a quest item in the "Blood and Wine" expansion.
It is found during the treasure hunt quest Applied Escapology, on a skeleton in a flooded tunnel just northwest from Toussaint Prison.

</doc>
<doc id="120268" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120268" title="The Heart of the Wilds">
The Heart of the Wilds

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;The Heart of the Wilds&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Book&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;84 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Relict Monsters vol 2&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
The Heart of the Wilds is a book in "" that, when read, provides bestiary entries for leshens and sylvans, as well as for leshen decoction and for ancient leshen decoction.
It should be available as random loot, but due to a randomization bug never appears during gameplay, and can only be obtained through console commands.
"Leshens dwell in dense, primeval woods. Fiercely territorial creatures, they hunt with stealth and cunning as their only companions. They use their inborn magic to control the plants and animals within in their territory — and so when stalking them, half the battle is merely getting near enough to strike. Leshens old enough to earn the appellation "ancient" wield advanced skills and tactics that make them particularly dangerous."
"Some leshens create magic totems that increase their strength — in such cases those totems should be destroyed before or while fighting them. Furthermore, some leshens can create for themselves a kind of immortality in the following way: the leshen wounds a lost traveler passing through its woods with its claws and casts a black magic curse on him. For as long as the individual marked in this way stays near its territory, the leshen will be reborn every time it dies. Such leshens can only be defeated by driving away or killing the person they have marked."
"In combat leshens use not only their long claws but also their many allies: wolves, who unfailingly answer their call, or ravens, which harass and distract the leshen's opponent. Leshens are also able to bend plant life to their will and make it aid them in battle. It is a witcher's good fortune that leshens do have one weakness - they are extremely vulnerable to the Igni Sign.

</doc>
<doc id="120271" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120271" title="Red meteorite steel sword">
Red meteorite steel sword

Red meteorite steel sword is a The Witcher 3 steel swords that was cut from "". Both of its versions can be obtained through console commands, but don't appear during normal gameplay:
Red meteorite steel sword (crafted).
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Red meteorite steel sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.22 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Scoiatael sword 4_crafted&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Red meteorite steel sword (basic).
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Red meteorite steel sword&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.33 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Scoiatael sword 4&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="120272" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120272" title="Wild Hunt warrior's sword - enhanced">
Wild Hunt warrior's sword - enhanced

Wild Hunt warrior's sword - enhanced is a steel sword that was cut from "". Both of its versions can be obtained through console commands, but don't appear during normal gameplay:
Wild Hunt warrior's sword - enhanced (relic).
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Wild Hunt warrior's sword - enhanced&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.71 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Eredin Sword&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
As suggested by its item ID, this one was likely replaced by Hav'caaren. Perhaps not as strange for an item that didn't make the final cut, but it also cannot be dismantled.
Wild Hunt warrior's sword - enhanced (basic).
&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Wild Hunt warrior's sword - enhanced&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.13 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Wild Hunt sword 2&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
This version of the sword was supposed to be dropped by Nithral, and at some point was also supposed to be a relic with the following stats:
+8% Aard Sign intensity+25% Critical hit damage+8% Chance to freeze+30 Frost damage

</doc>
<doc id="120273" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120273" title="Wild Hunt warrior's sword - superior">
Wild Hunt warrior's sword - superior

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Wild Hunt warrior's sword - superior&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.71 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Wild Hunt sword 3&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Wild Hunt warrior's sword - superior is a steel sword that was cut from "" and can be obtained through console commands, but doesn't appear during normal gameplay.
It was supposed to be dropped by Wild Hunt warriors during The Battle of Kaer Morhen.

</doc>
<doc id="120274" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120274" title="Wild Hunt warrior's sword - mastercrafted">
Wild Hunt warrior's sword - mastercrafted

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Wild Hunt warrior's sword - mastercrafted&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Steel sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.91 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Wild Hunt sword 4&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Wild Hunt warrior's sword - mastercrafted is a steel sword that was cut from "" and can be obtained through console commands, but doesn't appear during normal gameplay.
It was supposed to be dropped by "late game" Wild Hunt warriors.

</doc>
<doc id="120275" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120275" title="Bleidd">
Bleidd

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Bleidd&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.68 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;WitcherSilverWolf&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Bleidd is a silver sword that was cut from "". It exists in the game files and can be obtained through console commands, but doesn't appear during normal gameplay.
The game files also contain a different unique inventory icon for it than the one it appears with if obtained, which is for a steel counterpart to it.
Likely an early version of a Wolf School Gear sword, it was at some point supposed to be received (along with Devine) instead of the Rose of Shaerrawed during The Battle of Kaer Morhen if one chooses to clear the armory.

</doc>
<doc id="120279" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120279" title="Blade of Ys">
Blade of Ys

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Blade of Ys&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.16 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Bladeofys&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Blade of Ys is a silver sword that was cut from "". It can be obtained through console commands, but doesn't appear during normal gameplay.

</doc>
<doc id="120280" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120280" title="Anth">
Anth

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Anth&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.31 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Anth&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Anth is a silver sword that was cut from "". It can be obtained through console commands, but doesn't appear during normal gameplay.

</doc>
<doc id="120281" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120281" title="Breath of the North">
Breath of the North

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Breath of the North&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;1.99 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Breathofthenorth&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Breath of the North is a silver sword that was cut from "". It can be obtained through console commands, but doesn't appear during normal gameplay.

</doc>
<doc id="120282" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120282" title="Arainne">
Arainne

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Arainne&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;3.09 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Arainne&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Arainne is a silver sword in "", which can only be found as random loot inside caves in Velen and Skellige, and from guarded treasures.

</doc>
<doc id="120283" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120283" title="Tor Zireael (sword)">
Tor Zireael (sword)

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Tor Zireael (sword)&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Silver sword&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;2.76 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;Torzirael&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Tor Zireael is a silver sword in "", which can only be found as random loot inside caves in Velen and Skellige, and from guarded treasures.

</doc>
<doc id="120284" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120284" title="Strange note">
Strange note

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Strange note&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Book&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;lw_sb20_chest_note&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Strange note is a cut content book in "", present in the game files, but only obtainable through console commands.
It is supposed to be found in the chest at the bandit camp between Refugees' Camp and Midcopse, but whether intentionally or due to a bug, it doesn't appear. The camp itself is supposed to have some special "ambush" mechanics, but those can't be observed either.
"Road to hell's paved with curiosity, pricklicker."

</doc>
<doc id="120285" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120285" title="Formula for a pain-relieving heat rub">
Formula for a pain-relieving heat rub

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Formula for a pain-relieving heat rub&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;q104_cure_recipe&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Formula for a pain-relieving heat rub is a document in "" that can be found on a table inside a hut in Midcopse, the one with a grindstone in front.
 "For lumbago, rheumatism of the back or witchshot.
 "Grind two handfuls of Harpagophytum procumbens, called devil's claw by peasants, with feline suet. Add dried and crushed arnica, mint and camphor. Heat resultant mixture before application. Use three times a day."
 "After treatment, scrub back with fresh water, lest it reek."

</doc>
<doc id="120289" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120289" title="Crumpled note">
Crumpled note

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Crumpled note&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Book&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;lw_bm6_merchant_note&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Crumpled note is a cut content document in "".
It is supposed to be found along with a treasure containing somewhere on Bald Mountain. However, the container that has it doesn't appear during gameplay. As its contents refer to a non-existent griffin nearby, as well as rats being the most dangerous thing, it was likely related to the plague questline that was cut from the base game.
 "Who gets rich off war? That's easy - mercenaries. Those whoresons fatten themselves on the misfortune of others. And do they ever think to share these spoils? Or even buy a round at the inn? Or toss a fellow a crown? Naye, sir, why, of course not! A cow'd milk itself before that would happen! Or a pig would cut off a slice of its own hocks and slap it on the griddle."
 "But as for me, I'm not the type to wait around for alms. I slipped into their camp yesternight, took whatever caught my eye and split. They'll never get me here. First of all, because I wiped all my tracks. Second, word is a griffin's hereabouts somewhere, so they'll most like be too scared to venture close. Of course, in truth there's no griffin nor any other beast more dangerous than a rat in these parts. It's all just the sort of rubbish old hags babble about to waste time while drawing water."

</doc>
<doc id="120299" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120299" title="Everybody Has a Plan 'til They Get Punched in the Face">
Everybody Has a Plan 'til They Get Punched in the Face

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
"Everybody Has a Plan 'til They Get Punched in the Face" is the sixth episode of season 3 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
Characters.
TBA
"Betrayal and bloodshed rock the conclave when the hunt for Ciri comes to a head. As sides are chosen and enemies unmasked, nothing will ever be the same."
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="120300" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120300" title="Out of the Fire, Into the Frying Pan (Netflix episode)">
Out of the Fire, Into the Frying Pan (Netflix episode)

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
"Out of the Fire, Into the Frying Pan" is the seventh episode of season 3 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
Characters.
TBA
"Haunted by faces from the past, Ciri endures the ultimate test of survival on a desperate journey under the harshest of conditions."
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="120301" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120301" title="The Cost of Chaos">
The Cost of Chaos

"This is my story, not yours. You must let me finish telling it." — This article/section is a . You can help by [ expanding it].
"The Cost of Chaos" is the eighth episode of season 3 of Netflix's "The Witcher" series.
Characters.
TBA
"After the fateful events at Aretuza, Geralt and Yennefer struggle to pick up the pieces and reunite their family as war comes to the Continent."
Summary.
TBA

</doc>
<doc id="120302" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120302" title="Note from Father Edgar">
Note from Father Edgar

&lt;infobox&gt;
 &lt;title source="name"&gt;&lt;default&gt;Note from Father Edgar&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;image source="image"&gt;
 &lt;/image&gt;
 &lt;data source="caption"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Information&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="tier"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Tier&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="type"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Type&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;Other&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="level"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Level Req.&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="source"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Source&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="produces"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Produces&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="weight"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Weight&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;format&gt;0 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="3"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Value&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="value"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Base&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;1 &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="buy"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Buy&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="sell"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Sell&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt; &lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Attributes&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="effects"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Effect(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="charges"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Charge(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="toxicity"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Toxicity&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="duration"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Duration&lt;/label&gt;&lt;default&gt;&lt;/default&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="slots"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Slots&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="armor"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Armor&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="damage"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Damage&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Crafting&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="diagram"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Diagram&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="craftsman"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Craftsman&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;data source="components"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
&lt;header&gt;Alchemy&lt;/header&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_formula"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Formula&lt;/label&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;data source="alchemy_ingredients"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Ingredients&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
&lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Dismantling&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="dismantle"&gt;&lt;label&gt;Component(s)&lt;/label&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
 &lt;group row-items="1"&gt;
 &lt;header&gt;Item ID&lt;/header&gt;
 &lt;data source="id"&gt;&lt;format&gt;&lt;samp&gt;mq1060_about_riot_notes&lt;/samp&gt;&lt;/format&gt;&lt;/data&gt;
 &lt;/group&gt;
&lt;/infobox&gt;
Note from Father Edgar is a document in "" that was introduced with the next-gen update, Patch 4.0.
It can be found in the Devil's Pit mine system, in a small room opposite of where the second letter from Reinald is.
"The matter is settled, as promised. Riots will no longer be a concern. But next time do reconsider before lecturing me on the Church's ethics. If we had not exacted punishment upon the uprising's leaders, the ungrateful wretches would already have us hanged. And after murdering us, they would undoubtedly carry the rot to every surrounding village, blanketing Velen in the scarlet fog. Remember - in the face of great sin, committing a lesser may prove the choice most moral."
"Before we leave, draft up a tidy missive. Only be sure to omit any remarks concerning the "nail remedy". Mention of torture puts the prior in a melancholic humor from which he is a chore to lift."
"Father Edgar"

</doc>
<doc id="120304" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120304" title="Radovid V/Netflix series">
Radovid V/Netflix series

"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Radovid V was prince, and then King of Redania, the younger brother of King Vizimir, and the lover of Jaskier.
Biography.
Frustrated with Dijkstra's failure to bring Princess Cirilla of Cintra to Redania for him to marry (a strategy that would have been providing him with a rightful claim to Cintra, and made Redania the most powerful kingdom on the Continent ) King Vizimir declared that he had decided to put his best and most trusted man on the job - his younger brother: Prince Radovid.
A displeased - yet resigned - Philippa thus reluctantly agreed to assist the Prince in his search for Ciri - as she felt that no one else but she and Dijkstra could be trusted with "babysitting" the King's "baby brother".
On her way to meeting with The Sandpiper, she stopped by a tavern, and asked the Prince to wait for her there.
She then found Jaskier in the middle of a heated dispute with one of his lovers, Vespula. While she was attempting to intimidate the bard into handing them over the girl, Vespula threw Jaskier's lute from her balcony.
Instead of shattering to the ground, however, Radovid showed up just in time to catch it.
While he told Philippa that he'd left the tavern because he was "getting bored", the Prince quickly revealed himself to be a fan of Jaskier's work, and confessed to having "long wanted to see [him] in person" .
During the exchange, the two of them showed strong signs of mutual attraction, and Radovid attempted to argue that having Ciri come to Redania - although a far from perfect solution - would be the "least bad option" to ensure the Princess' safety.
The moment he suggested that Jaskier could be their "royal bard", however, said bard was quick to dismiss the idea, arguing that "a staid life at court" wasn't meant for him.
Before they left, Philippa gave Jaskier a five days ultimatum to get results; threatening to "undo all the good" he'd done as "The Sandpiper" if he didn't comply.
Following a violent encounter with Rience and the Scoia'tael - where Jaskier had a bit of a near death experience (his lute, that Radovid had stopped from shattering earlier, ended up stopping an arrow from reaching him), a few of Yarpen Zigrin's men were injured or killed, and Ciri was almost captured - Jaskier started reconsidering the offer.
He told Philippa and Radovid that he now realized in how much danger the people he loved were, that Redania might stand the best chance at offering them protection, and that - should they be able to get rid of Rience - they would have gained Geralt, Ciri, and his own trust.
After Jaskier left, Philippa noticed Radovid's sigh of longing, and seemingly began perceiving him as a potentially useful political tool.
Radovid is with Vizimir and Dijkstra, when his brother gets a box with a gift from Nilfgaardin inside and when Vizimir opens it, inside is Hedwig head. His brother starts to cry and is escorted away, when he and wizard are alone, Dijkstra admits that he is the one who killed the queen to get Redania to ally with the Northern Kingdoms and start the war with the empire.

</doc>
<doc id="120305" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120305" title="Adalbert Kermith">
Adalbert Kermith

Adalbert Kermith was an adjunct professor of natural history at Oxenfurt Academy during the 13th century.
Biography.
Sometime in the middle of the 13th century, Slavko Atimstein created a group that he divided into three teams for the sole purpose of finding the remains of witcher gear from three of the schools: Kermith for the School of the Cat, Edwin Greloff for the School of the Griffin, and Ibrahim Savi for the School of the Bear. Kermith helped uncover pictograms suggesting locations across Velen and Novigrad, such as under Temple Isle, though he was soon instructed not to delve further into these sites.

</doc>
<doc id="120306" url="http://witcher.fandom.com/wiki?curid=120306" title="Vespula/Netflix series">
Vespula/Netflix series

 &lt;ns&gt;0&lt;/ns&gt;
 &lt;revision&gt;
 &lt;parentid&gt;615141&lt;/parentid&gt;
 &lt;timestamp&gt;2024-02-22T03:16:32Z&lt;/timestamp&gt;
 &lt;contributor&gt;
 &lt;username&gt;Downtoearth1&lt;/username&gt;
 &lt;/contributor&gt;
 &lt;origin&gt;616653&lt;/origin&gt;
 &lt;model&gt;wikitext&lt;/model&gt;
 &lt;format&gt;text/x-wiki&lt;/format&gt;
"Do you really wish to know?" — Spoilers from the books and/or adaptations to follow!
Vespula was one of Jaskier's lovers.
Biography.
Jaskier and Vespula were first seen very publicly arguing about Jaskier's many sexual encounters and relationships. The argument culminated with Vespula throwing Jaskier's lute from her balcony as far as she could (much to Jaskier's horror); but Prince Radovid unexpectedly showed up and caught it before it could shatter on the ground.
Some time later, the two of them were shown lounging together inside Vespula's apartment - Jaskier still naked in bed while Vespula sat by the window, wearing only a shirt and casually smoking a pipe. As Jaskier spoke about his most recent encounter with Prince Radovid - swooning over his intelligence and insightfulness - Vespulat suggested that he liked him.
When Jaskier attempted to deny it, she noted that - despite Jaskier's very diverse sexual interests in all kinds of people - she'd never "ever" seen him being romantically attracted to anyone before. She thus believed that what he was feeling for Radovid was a crush.

</doc>
